AFFIDAVIT OF ABDEL TECORRAL FLORES 
345 MILLER AVE, 3RD FL 
Brooklyn, NY 11207 
	My name is Abdel Tecorral Flores, a beneficiary of my wife’s immediate family petition (USCIS Rec. No. SRC-17-906-13912), and I am hereby requesting a provisional waiver of unlawful presence.  I would like to explain the extreme hardship my U.S. Citizen wife, Rosaivette Salazar, and our two (2) young U.S. Citizen children will suffer if I were not granted the ability to re-enter the United States after I attend an upcoming immigrant visa interview in my country, Mexico.
	I have been working since a very young age, and I could not complete high school because my parents were unable to support it. I decided to immigrate with my father hoping to get a better job to provide for my family. I came to the United States eighteen (18) years ago when I was only nineteen (19) years old, and since then, I worked hard. I found my love in this country when I met Rosaivette in 2010, and we got married in 2017.

Rosaivette and I have two beautiful USC children. They are only eight (8) and six (6) years old. They are my everything. I share with my wife the caring responsibilities to take our children to school, medical appointments when they need it and support financially to the household. I could not abandon Rosaivette with the children. She would have to pay for childcare, rent, or she would end up on public welfare because if I have to stay in Mexico, the limited revenue that I could get would not be enough to financially help my wife. The economic, physical, and emotional strain will be too much. Should I leave for a long time to get my visa, my wife will be completely underwater and unable to care for our dear U.S. Citizen children alone. Rosaivette's current stress and anxiety will be impossible to bear and only cause my wife extreme hardship.

	My wife was born and rise in the United States; she does not know what it is like to live in Mexico anymore. She was four the last time she was there. She has a close-knit relationship with her extended family in the U.S.; hence if we are forced to relocate to Mexico, it only will bring tears sadness beyond the poverty that we will likely face. Also, I am worried for my children and wife because they will be deprived of the quality health care they need. My son, Ethan, had a heart murmur, which he has a procedure to close it and Rosaivette had a heart murmur during her pregnancy with Ethan, which has resolved and fortunately, they are currently in good health condition, but they require periodic check out with a specialist. My family's health will be neglected due to the limited health care system in Mexico, mostly in the rural area. It will be almost impossible to pay for private health services. Rosaivette and I have worked hard to have some semblance of financial and home stability; therefore, relocation will place my family in a total crisis.

	I know my wife will collapse should we face a long-term separation. I witnessed the pain that Rosaivette and her family lived while her mother was in Mexico because she got denied her immigrant visa. My immigrant situation has her not sleeping and only crying, thinking that the same could happen to me. Rosaivette relies on me. I support her financially and emotionally. I cannot imagine going on living without my wife and my children.

I ask for USCIS to approve this I-601A waiver, so I can continue with my immigrant process and hopefully gain my citizenship in the future as this country is truly my home and my family’s.

Thank you for your time and consideration of my application. 

Respectfully submitted,

___________________________________  
Abdel Tecorral Flores
Applicant