Document: 4dd70fd9-fcd9-4a1b-8b59-89cbd2609cbc_I-485 (10).pdf
Processed: 2025-05-27 05:07:07
==================================================

Page 1 of 24Part 1. Information About You  (Person applying for lawful permanent residence)A- A-Number
For all sections of this application, if you need to provide any additional information or are instructed to provide an explanation, use
the space provided in Part 14. Additional Information.
1. Your Current Legal Name ( Do not  provide a nickname)
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)
Provide all other names you have ever used, including your family name at birth, other legal names, nicknames, aliases, and
assumed names.2. Other Names You Have Used Since Birth (if applicable)
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 3.
If you answered "Yes," provide allHave you ever used any other date of birth?
other dates of birth (mm/dd/yyyy).Department of Homeland SecurityUSCISApplication to Register Permanent Residence
or Adjust Status
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration ServicesForm I-485
OMB No. 1615-0023
Expires 10/31/2027
Priority Date:Country Chargeable:
INA 209(a) INA 245(m)
INA 245(a)
INA 245(i)
INA 245(j)INA 249
Cuban Adjustment Act
OtherLawful Permanent
Resident as of:Date of
Initial Interview:Action Block Receipt
InterviewedDate Form I-693 Signed By Civil Surgeon:
Attorney State Bar Number
(if applicable)Select this box if
Form G-28 is
attached.Volag Number
(if any)Attorney or Accredited Representative
USCIS Online Account Number  (if any)To be completed by an Attorney or Accredited Representative (if any) .For USCIS Use Only
INA 209(b)Preference Category:
Section of Law
Sec. 13, Act of 9/11/57
START HERE - Type or print in black ink.
NOTE TO ALL APPLICANTS:  If you do not completely fill out this application or fail to submit required documents listed in the
Instructions, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) may reject or deny your application.
Yes NoBREA ORTIZ JESUS DANIEL
1969013 069785248376
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
A- A-Number
Part 1. Information About You (Person applying for lawful permanent residence) (continu ed)
Gender 6.
Place of Birth
City or Town of Birth Country of Birth7.
Country of Citizenship or Nationality
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)8.
If one has been assigned, you can find it on a notice that USCIS may have sent to you.
Passport or Travel Document Number Used at Last Arrival
Expiration Date of this Passport or Travel Document (mm/dd/yyyy)
Country that Issued this Passport or Travel Document
Nonimmigrant Visa Number Used During Most Recent Arrival (if any)
Date Nonimmigrant Visa Was Issued  (mm/dd/yyyy)
Place and Date of Last Arrival into the United States
City or Town StateIf you last entered the United States using a passport or travel document, provide the following information.
Date of Last Arrival (mm/dd/yyyy)9.
Recent Immigration History
When I last arrived in the United States:
I was inspected at a Port of Entry and admitted as (for example, exchange visitor, visitor, temporary worker, student):10.
I was inspected at a Port of Entry and paroled as (for example, humanitarian parole, Cuban parole):
I came into the United States without admission or parole.Do you have an Alien Registration Number (A-Number)? 4.
A- A-Number (if any)
Have you ever used, or been assigned, any other A-Number?If you answered "Yes," provide your A-Number.
If you answered "Yes," provide the A-Numbers.
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24  Page 2 of 24Yes NoYes No
Male Female Another Gender Identity X
YAMASA Dominican Republic
Dominican Republic
Dominican Republic
B2, VISITOR07/18/2024
07/28/2024 NY05/29/2030
If you were issued a Form I-94 Arrival/Departure Record, provide the information from your most recent Form I-94 below:
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name)
Expiration Date of Authorized Stay Shown on Form I-94 (mm/dd/yyyy)
or Type or Print "D/S" for Duration of Status
Immigration Status on Form I-94 (for example, class of admission,
or paroled, if paroled)Form I-94 Arrival/Departure Record Number
Was your last arrival the first time you were physically present in the United States?12.
What is your current immigration status (if it has changed since your last arrival)?
Expiration Date of Current Immigration Status (mm/dd/yyyy) or Type or
Print "D/S" for Duration of Status14.
Have you ever been issued an "alien crewman" visa? 16.
Did you last arrive in the United States to join a vessel as a seaman or crewman, or while serving in any
capacity aboard a vessel or aircraft?
18. Addresses
City or TownStreet Number and Name Number
State ZIP CodeFlr.Ste. Apt.Current U.S. Physical Address
In Care Of Name (if any)
Date You First Resided at This Address (mm/dd/yyyy)
Is this your current mailing address?
If you answered "No," provide your current mailing address.
City or TownStreet Number and Name Number
State ZIP CodeFlr.Ste. Apt.Current Mailing Address (Safe or Alternate Mailing Address, if applicable)
In Care Of Name (if any)13.
17.A- A-Number
Part 1. Information About You (Person applying for lawful permanent residence) (continu ed)
Page 3 of 24Yes No
No Yes
Yes No
Yes NoBREA ORTIZ JESUS
Bronx 104611960 Williamsbridge RdJESUS DANIEL BREA ORTIZNO STATUS
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24X
Have you resided at your current address for at least 5 years?
If you answered "No," provide your prior address(es) for the last 5 years. Use the space provided in Part 14. Additional
Information , if necessary.
Street Number and Name Apt. Ste. Flr. Number
City or Town State ZIP Code
Postal Code Country ProvincePrior Address
In Care Of Name (if any)
Dates of Residence
From (mm/dd/yyyy) To (mm/dd/yyyy)
Street Number and Name Apt. Ste. Flr. Number
City or Town State ZIP Code
Postal Code Country ProvinceMost Recent Address Outside the United States
Dates of Residence
From (mm/dd/yyyy) To (mm/dd/yyyy)Provide your most recent physical address outside the United States where you lived for more than one year (if not already
listed above).
Social Security Card 19.
Has the Social Security Administration (SSA) ever officially issued a Social Security card to you?
If you answered "Yes," provide your U.S. Social Security Number (SSN).
Do you want the SSA to issue you a Social Security card?
If you answered "Yes," you must also answer "Yes" to the Consent for Disclosure below.
Consent for Disclosure:  I authorize disclosure of information from this application to the SSA as
required for the purpose of assigning me an SSN and issuing me a Social Security Card.
Page 4 of 24A- A-Number
Part 1. Information About You (Person applying for lawful permanent residence) (continu ed)
Yes No
Yes NoNo YesYes No
1960 Williamsbridge Rd H5
Bronx 10461
Dominican Republic
calle Duarte n47
Santo Domingo Oeste
National District Dominican Republic07/28/2024 07/2024
07/28/2024 01/2000X
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
X1. Are you filing for adjustment of status with the Executive Office for Immigration Review (EOIR) while
in removal, exclusion, rescission, or deportation proceedings?
Receipt Number of Underlying Petition (if any) 2. Priority Date from Underlying Petition (if any)
Principal Applicant's Name
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)
Principal Applicant's Date of Birth Principal Applicant's A-Number (if any)I am filing this Form I-485 as a (select only one box ):
Principal Applicant
Derivative Applicant (Provide the following information about the principal applicant.)
Iam applying  based on the following category (You must select ONLY ONE  category. If you are filing as a derivative
applicant, select the appropriate box based on the category under which the principal applicant is applying or has applied. See
the Form I-485 Instructions for more information, including any Additional Instructions  that relate to the immigrant category
you select.):
3.a. Family-based
Spouse of a U.S. Citizen.
Unmarried child under 21 years of age of a U.S. citizen.
Parent of a U.S. citizen (if the citizen is at least 21 years of age).Immediate relative of a U.S. citizen, Form I-130, I-129F, or I-360 (select your specific category below):
Other relative of a U.S. citizen under the family-based preference categories, Form I-130 (select your specific category below):
Unmarried son or daughter of a U.S. citizen and I am 21 years of age or older.
Brother or sister of a U.S. citizen (if the citizen is at least 21 years of age).Married son or daughter of a U.S. citizen.
Relative of a lawful permanent resident under the family-based preference categories, Form I-130 (select your specific category
Unmarried son or daughter of a lawful permanent resident and I am 21 years of age or older.Unmarried child under 21 years of age of a lawful permanent resident.Spouse, child, or parent of a deceased U.S. active-duty service member in the armed forces under the National Defense
Authorization Act (NDAA).
VAWA self-petitioner (victim of battery or extreme cruelty), Form I-360 (select your specific category below):
VAWA self-petitioning spouse of a U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident.(mm/dd/yyyy)
VAWA self-petitioning child of a U.S. citizen or lawful permanent resident.Person admitted to the United States as a fiancé(e) or child of a fiancé(e) of a U.S. citizen (K-1/K-2 Nonimmigrant).
Widow or widower of a U.S. citizen.
Spouse of a lawful permanent resident.
VAWA self-petitioning parent of a U.S. citizen (if the citizen is at least 21 years of age).A- A-Number
Part 2. Application Type or Filing Category
Page 5 of 24A-No Yes
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
Alien of Extraordinary Ability
Outstanding Professor or ResearcherEmployment-based 3.b.
Alien Workers, Form I-140 (select your category below and answer the following questions below, as applicable):
Multinational Executive or Manager
Member of the Professions Holding an Advanced Degree or Alien of Exceptional Ability (who is NOT seeking a National
Interest Waiver)
A Professional (at a minimum, requiring a bachelor's degree or a foreign degree equivalent to a U.S. bachelor's degree)
A Skilled Worker (requiring at least 2 years of specialized training or experience)
Any Other Worker (requiring less than 2 years of training or experience)
An Alien Applying For a National Interest Waiver (who IS a member of the professions holding an advanced degree or an
alien of exceptional ability)
Did a relative file the associated Form I-140 for you (or for the principal applicant if you are a derivative applicant) or does a
relative have a significant ownership interest (5 percent or more) in the business that filed Form I-140 for you (or for the
principal applicant, if you are a derivative applicant)?
N/A (I am adjusting on the basis of a Form I-140 self-petition)
Mother Father Adult Son Child Brother Adult Daughter
None of TheseSister
Is the relative above a:
U.S. National U.S. Citizen None of These Lawful Permanent Resident
Special Immigrant
Special Immigrant Juvenile, Form I-360
Certain Afghan or Iraqi National, Form I-360 or Form DS-1573.c.
Certain International Broadcaster, Form I-360
Certain G-4 International Organization or Family Member or NATO-6 Employee or Family Member, Form I-360Alien Investor, Form I-526 or Form I-526E
If you answered "Yes," is this relative your (select only one box):
Panama Canal Zone Employees, Form I-360Certain U.S. Armed Forces Members (also known as the Six and Six program), Form I-360
Certain Physicians, Form I-360
Certain Employee or Former Employee of the U.S. Government Abroad, DS-1884
Other Religious WorkerMinister of ReligionReligious Worker, Form I-360 (select your specific category below):A- A-Number
Part 2. Application Type or Filing Category (continued)
Page 6 of 24Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
Asylee or Refugee
Asylum Status (Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) section 208), Form I-589 or Form I-730
Refugee Status  (INA section 207), Form I-590 or Form I-7303.d.
Human Trafficking Victim or Crime Victim
Victim of Qualifying Criminal Activity (U Nonimmigrant), Form I-918, Derivative Family Member, Form I-918A, or
Qualifying Family Member, Form I-929Human Trafficking Victim (T Nonimmigrant), Form I-914 or Derivative Family Member, Form I-914A3.e.If you selected refugee, date of initial admission as refugee (mm/dd/yyyy).If you selected asylum, date you were granted asylum (mm/dd/yyyy).
A Victim of Battery or Extreme Cruelty as a Spouse or Child Applying Based on Dependent Status Under the Haitian
Refugee Immigrant Fairness Act
Diplomats or High-Ranking Officials Unable to Return Home (Section 13 of the Act of September 11, 1957)Lautenberg ParoleesApplicant Adjusting Based on Dependent Status Under the Haitian Refugee Immigrant Fairness Act
Nationals of Vietnam, Cambodia, and Laos Applying for Adjustment of Status Under section 586 of Public Law 106-429A Victim of Battery or Extreme Cruelty as a Spouse or Child Under the Cuban Adjustment ActThe Cuban Adjustment ActSpecial Programs Based on Certain Public Laws 3.f.
Additional Options
Diversity Visa program
Individual Born in the United States Under Diplomatic StatusContinuous Residence in the United States Since Before January 1, 1972 ("Registry")
Other Eligibility3.g.
If you selected Diversity Visa program, provide your Diversity Visa Rank Number:
S Nonimmigrants and Qualifying Family Members (can only adjust in this category with an approved Form I-854B filed by
a law enforcement officer)Applicant Adjusting Under the Amerasian Act (October 22, 1982), Form I-360
If you selected a family-based, employment-based, special immigrant, or Diversity Visa immigrant
category listed above in Item Numbers 3.a. - 3.g . as the basis for your application for adjustment of
status, are you applying for adjustment based on INA section 245(i)?
Are you 21 years of age or older and applying for adjustment based on classification as a child, under the
provisions of the Child Status Protection Act (CSPA)?5.4.
NOTE:  For more information to determine if you are eligible under CSPA, see the Who May File Form I-485  section of these
Instructions.A- A-Number
Part 2. Application Type or Filing Category (continued)
Page 7 of 24Yes
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
Part 4. Additional Information About You
1. Have you ever applied for an immigrant visa to obtain permanent resident status at a U.S. Embassy or
U.S. Consulate abroad?
If you answered "Yes," complete Item Numbers 2. - 4. below.
Decision (for example, approved, refused, denied, withdrawn)
4. Date of Decision (mm/dd/yyyy)3.I am requesting an exemption from submitting an Affidavit of Support Under Section 213A of the INA (Form I-864 or Form I-864EZ)
because (select only one ):
I have earned or can receive credit for 40 qualifying quarters (credits) of work in the United States (as defined by the Social
Security Act (SSA)). (Attach your SSA earnings statements. Do not count any quarters during which you received a means-
tested public benefit.)
I am under 18 years of age, unmarried, the child of a U.S. citizen, am not likely to become a public charge, and will
automatically become a U.S. citizen under INA section 320, upon my admission as a lawful permanent resident.1.a.
I am applying under the widow or widower of a U.S. citizen (Form I-360) immigrant category.
I am applying as a VAWA self-petitioner.1.c.
None of these exemptions apply to me and I am not required by statute to submit an Affidavit of Support Under Section
213A of the INA, nor am I required to request an exemption.1.e.
Location of U.S. Embassy or U.S. Consulate 2.
City or Town Country
5. Have you previously applied for permanent residence while in the United States?
6. Have you EVER held lawful permanent resident status which was later rescinded under INA section 246?
Employment and Educational History
Provide ALL  of your employment and educational history for the last 5 years as indicated in the Instructions. Provide your
current employment or school attended first. Include periods of self-employment, unemployment, or retirement. For each period
of unemployment or retirement, list source of financial support. If you have additional employment or educational history, use
the space provided in Part 14. Additional Information.7.
Employer or School (current or most recent)
Your Occupation (if unemployed or retired, so state)Name of Employer, Company, or SchoolNone of these exemptions apply to me and I am not requesting an exemption as I am required to submit an Affidavit of
Support Under Section 213A of the INA.1.f.A- A-Number
Part 3. Request for Exemption for Intending Immigrant's Affidavit of Support Under Section 213A of
the INA
Page 8 of 24Yes No
No YesYes No
TRUCK DRIVERKINOX
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
Street Number and Name Apt. Ste. Flr. Number
City or Town ZIP Code
Postal Code Country ProvinceAddress of Employer, Company, or School
Dates of Employment, Unemployment, Retirement, or School Attendance
From (mm/dd/yyyy) To (mm/dd/yyyy)
If unemployed or retired, source of financial support:
Provide your most recent employer or school outside of the United States (if not already listed above). 8.
Your Occupation (if unemployed or retired, so state) Name of Employer, Company, or School
Street Number and Name Apt. Ste. Flr. Number
City or Town State ZIP Code
Postal Code Country ProvinceAddress of Employer, Company, or School
Dates of Employment, Unemployment, Retirement, or School Attendance
From (mm/dd/yyyy) To (mm/dd/yyyy)
If unemployed or retired, source of financial support:
Part 5. Information About Your Parents
Information About Your Parent 1
1. Parent 1's Legal Name
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 3.2. Parent 1's Name at Birth (if different than above)
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)A- A-Number
Part 4. Additional Information About You (continued)
Page 9 of 24Santo Domingo
National District Dominican Republic
01/2015 07/2024
BREA ARIAS JOAQUIN FRANCISCO
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
4. Country of Birth
Information About Your Parent 2
5. Parent 2's Legal Name
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 7.6. Parent 2's Name at Birth (if different than above)
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)
8. Country of Birth
Part 6. Information About Your Marital History
What is your current marital status? 1.
If you are married, is your spouse a current member of the U.S. armed forces or U.S. Coast Guard?         N/A          Yes          No 2.
How many times have you been married (including your current marriage, marriages abroad, annulled marriages, and marriages 3.
Information About Your Current Marriage (including if you are legally separated)
4. Current Spouse's Legal Name
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)
Current Spouse's A-Number (if any) 5. Current Spouse's Date of Birth 6.to the same person)?
Current Spouse's Country of Birth 7.
City or TownStreet Number and Name
Postal Code Country ProvinceCurrent Spouse's Current Physical Address 8.
Apt. Ste. Flr. Number
State ZIP CodeA-Single, Never Married          Married        Divorced         Widowed        Marriage Annulled        Legally SeparatedA- A-Number
Part 5. Information About Your Parents (continued)
Page 10 of 24Dominican Republic
ORTIZ MARINA MILEDIS
Dominican Republic
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
Place of Marriage to Current Spouse 9.
City or Town State or Province
Date of Marriage to Current Spouse (mm/dd/yyyy)
10. Is your current spouse applying with you?
Information About Prior Marriages (if any)
11. Prior Spouse's Legal Name (provide family name before marriage)
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)
Prior Spouse's Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 12.
Prior Spouse's Country of Birth 13. 14. Prior Spouse's Country of Citizenship or Nationality
Date of Marriage to Prior Spouse's (mm/dd/yyyy) 15.
Place of Marriage to Prior Spouse 16.
City or Town State or Province
Place Where Marriage with Prior Spouse Legally Ended 17.
City or Town State or Province
Date of Marriage with Prior Spouse Legally Ended  (mm/dd/yyyy)
How Marriage Ended with Prior Spouse (select one): 18.
Annulled         Divorced         Spouse Deceased        Other (Explain):A- A-Number
Part 6. Information About Your Marital History (continued)
No Yes
Page 11 of 24Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
Indicate the total number of ALL living children anywhere in the world (including adult sons and daughters) that you have. 1.
NOTE:  The term "children" includes all biological or legally adopted children, as well as current stepchildren, of any age,
whether born in the United States or other countries, married or unmarried, living with you or elsewhere and includes any
missing children and those born to you outside of marriage.
Provide the following information for each of your children. If you have more than two children, use the space provided in
Part 14. Additional Information.
2. Child 1
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)Current Legal Name
A-Number (if any) Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
Country of Birth
Is this child also applying now on a separate Form I-485?What is your child's relationship to you? (for example, biological child, stepchild, legally adopted child)
3. Child 2
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)Current Legal Name
A-Number (if any) Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
Country of Birth
Is this child also applying now on a separate Form I-485?What is your child's relationship to you? (for example, biological child, stepchild, legally adopted child)A-A-A- A-Number
Part 7. Information About Your Children
Yes No
Page 12 of 24No Yes4
BREA APONTE ESTEPHANIE SASHARY
Dominican Republic
Biological Child
BREA PERDOMO YUDELKA
Dominican Republic
Biological Child061999856
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
1. Ethnicity (Select only one  box)
2. Race (Select all applicable  boxes)
Height 4. Weight Feet Inches 3. Pounds
5. Eye Color (Select only one  box)
Hair Color (Select only one  box) 6.
Have you EVER  been a member of, involved in, or in any way associated with any organization,
association, fund, foundation, party, club, society, or similar group in the United States or in any other
location in the world?Part 9. General Eligibility and Inadmissibility Grounds
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 1. , complete Item Numbers 2. - 9.  If you were a member of more than two
organizations, use the space provided in Part 14. Additional Information.
Organization 1
Name of Organization 2.
3. City or Town State or Province
4. Nature of Organization, including its purposes and activities, whether illicit or legitimate.
Nature of involvement in organization, including role or positions(s) held, whether illicit or legitimate.Choose the answer that you think is correct in Part 9.  If you answer "Yes" to any questions  (or if you answer "No," but are unsure
of your answer) , provide an explanation of the events and circumstances in the space provided in Part 14. Additional Information.
Dates of Membership or Dates of Involvement
From (mm/dd/yyyy) To (mm/dd/yyyy)5.
Organization 2
Name of Organization 6.Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander          WhiteAmerican Indian or Alaska Native         Asian          Black or African American
Black                      Blue            Brown          Gray              Green          Hazel         Maroon         Pink            Unknown/Other
Bald (No hair          Black         Blond            Brown           Gray           Red             Sandy            White         Unknown/OtherHispanic or Latino        Not Hispanic or Latino
Yes No
Page 13 of 24A- A-Number
Part 8. Biographic Information
5 9X
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24220
City or Town State or Province
8. Nature of Organization, including its purposes and activities, whether illicit or legitimate.
Nature of involvement in organization, including role or positions(s) held, whether illicit or legitimate.
Dates of Membership or Dates of Involvement
From (mm/dd/yyyy) To (mm/dd/yyyy)9.
Have you EVER worked in the United States without authorization? 12.Have you EVER  been denied a visa to the United States?Have you EVER  been denied admission to the United States? 10.
Have you EVER  violated the terms or conditions of your nonimmigrant status? 13.
14. Are you presently or have you EVER  been in removal, exclusion, rescission, or deportation proceedings,
including expedited removal proceedings?
Have you EVER been issued a final order of exclusion, deportation, or removal? 15.
16. Have you EVER  had a prior final order of exclusion, deportation, or removal reinstated?
17. Have you EVER  been granted voluntary departure by an immigration officer or an immigration judge but
failed to depart within the allotted time?
Have you EVER  applied for any kind of relief or protection from removal, exclusion, or deportation? 18.
19. Have you EVER  been a J nonimmigrant exchange visitor who was subject to the two-year foreign
residence requirement?
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 19. , have you complied with the foreign residence requirement? 20.
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 19.  and "No" to Item Number 20. , have you been granted a
waiver or has Department of State issued a favorable waiver recommendation letter for you?21.7.
Criminal Acts and Violations
22. Have you EVER  been arrested, cited, charged, or permitted to participate in a diversion program (including
pre-trial diversion, deferred prosecution, deferred adjudication, or any withheld adjudication), or detained
for any reason by any law enforcement official in any country including but not limited to any U.S.
immigration official or any official of the U.S. armed forces or U.S. Coast Guard or by a similar official of
a country other than the United States?For Item Numbers 22. - 41. , you must answer "Yes" to any question that applies to you, even if your records were sealed or otherwise
cleared, or even if anyone, including a judge, law enforcement officer, or attorney, told you that you no longer have a record. You
must also answer "Yes" to the following questions whether the action or offense occurred here in the United States or anywhere else in
the world.  If you answer "Yes" to Item Numbers 22. - 41. , use the space provided in Part 14. Additional Information  to provide an
explanation for each offense, if applicable, that includes a description of the criminal offense; where the criminal offense occurred;
when the criminal offense occurred; whether you were arrested, cited, charged, or detained for the criminal offense you committed;
and the outcome or disposition of that criminal offense (for example, convicted, placement in a diversion program, no charges filed,
charges dismissed, jail, prison, detention, probation, or community service). Your explanation must include the duration of any
sentence to confinement (even if suspended).
Page 14 of 24A- A-Number
Part 9. General Eligibility and Inadmissibility Grounds (continued)
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes            No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes           NoYes           No
Yes           NoX
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
Have you EVER  committed a crime of any kind (even if you were not arrested, cited, charged with, or
tried for that crime, or convicted)?23.
24. Have you EVER  pled guilty to or been convicted of a crime or offense (even if the violation was
subsequently expunged or sealed by a court, or if you were granted a pardon, amnesty, a rehabilitation
decree, or other act of clemency)?
NOTE: If you were the beneficiary of a pardon, amnesty, a rehabilitation decree, or other act of clemency, provide
documentation of that post-conviction action.
Have you EVER  been ordered punished by a judge or had conditions imposed on you that restrained your
liberty (such as a prison sentence, suspended sentence, house arrest, parole, alternative sentencing, drug or
alcohol treatment, rehabilitative programs or classes, probation, or community service)?25.
26. Have you EVER  violated (or attempted or conspired to violate) any controlled substance law or regulation
of a state, the United States, or a foreign country?
27. Have you EVER  trafficked in or benefited from, or knowingly aided, abetted, assisted, conspired or
colluded in the illegal trafficking of any controlled substances, such as chemicals, illegal drugs, or
Are you the spouse, son, or daughter of a foreign national who illicitly trafficked or aided (or otherwise
abetted, assisted, conspired, or colluded) in the illicit trafficking of a controlled substance, such as
chemicals, illegal drugs, or narcotics and you obtained, within the last 5 years, any financial or other benefit
from this activity of your spouse or parent?28.
29. If your answer to Item Number 28.  is "Yes," did you know or should you have reasonably known that the
financial or other benefit you obtained resulted from this activity of your spouse or parent?
30. Have you EVER  engaged in prostitution or are you coming to the United States to engage in prostitution?
31. Have you EVER  directly or indirectly procured or attempted to procure, or imported prostitutes or persons
for the purpose of prostitution?
32. Have you EVER  received any proceeds or money from prostitution?
Have you EVER  exercised immunity (diplomatic or otherwise) to avoid being prosecuted for a criminal
offense in the United States?34.Do you intend to engage in illegal gambling or any other form of commercialized vice, such as prostitution,
bootlegging, or the sale of child pornography, while in the United States?33.
Have you EVER served as a foreign government official?
If your answer to Item Number 35.a.  is "Yes," have you EVER  been responsible for, enforced, or directly
carried out violations of religious freedoms?
Have you EVER  induced by force, fraud, or coercion (or otherwise been involved in) the trafficking of
another person for commercial sex acts (sex trafficking)?35.a.
37. Have you EVER  trafficked a person into involuntary servitude, peonage, debt bondage, or slavery?
Trafficking includes recruiting, harboring, transporting, providing, or obtaining a person for labor or
services through the use of force, fraud, or coercion.35.b.
NOTE:  Sex trafficking involves inducing or causing an adult to engage in a commercial sex act (any sex act performed for
anything of value) through fraud, force, or coercion, or inducing or causing any person under 18 years of age to engage in a
commercial sex act (even without force, fraud, or coercion). Sex trafficking may include recruiting, enticing, harboring,
transporting, providing, obtaining, advertising, maintaining, patronizing, or soliciting by any means a person to engage in the
commercial sex act knowing (or, in the case of advertising, with reckless disregard of the fact) that the person is under 18 years
of age or that force, fraud, or coercion was used to induce or cause the person to engage in the commercial sex act. Sex
trafficking may also include knowingly benefiting financially or by receiving anything of value, from participation in a venture
involving sex trafficking.
Page 15 of 24A- A-Number
Part 9. General Eligibility and Inadmissibility Grounds (continued)
Yes           NoYes           NoYes           NoYes           NoYes            NoYes           NoYes           NoYes           NoYes           NoYes            No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes           NoYes            No
Yes           NoX
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
38. Have you EVER  knowingly aided, abetted, assisted, conspired, or colluded with others in trafficking in
persons for commercial sex acts or involuntary servitude, peonage, debt bondage, or slavery?
39. Are you the spouse, son, or daughter of a foreign national who engaged in the trafficking in persons and
have received or obtained, within the last 5 years, any financial or other benefits from this activity of your
spouse or your parent?
41. Have you EVER engaged in money laundering or have you EVER knowingly aided, assisted, abetted,
conspired, or colluded with others in money laundering or do you seek to enter the United States to engage
in such activity?If your answer is "Yes" to Item Number 39. , did you know or reasonably should have known that this
benefit resulted from this activity of your spouse or parent?40.
Security and Related
Do you intend to:
42.a. Engage in any activity that violates or evades any law relating to espionage (including spying) or sabotage
in the United States?
42.b. Engage in any activity in the United States that violates or evades any law prohibiting the export from the
United States of goods, technology, or sensitive information?
42.c. Engage in any activity whose purpose includes opposing, controlling, or overthrowing the U.S.
Government by force, violence, or other unlawful means while in the United States?
Engage in any other unlawful activity?
43.a. Received any weapons training, paramilitary training, or other military-type training?42.d.
Have you EVER:
Committed kidnapping, assassination, or hijacking or sabotage of a conveyance (including an aircraft,
vessel, vehicle, or train)?43.b.
Used a weapon or explosive or any dangerous device with the intent to endanger the safety of another
person or people or cause damage to property?43.c.
Threatened, attempted, conspired, prepared, or planned to do any of the things described in Item Numbers
43.b. - 43.c.?43.d.
Participated in, or been a member of, a group or organization that did any of the activities described in
Item Numbers 43.b. - 43.e.?
Recruited members or asked for money or things of value for a group or organization that did any of the
activities described in  Item Numbers 43.b. - 43.e.?43.g.
43.h. Provided money, a thing of value, services or labor, or any other assistance or support for any of the
activities described in Item Numbers 43.b. - 43.e.?Incited, under circumstances indicating an intention to cause death or serious bodily harm/injury, any of the
activities described in Item Numbers 43.b. - 43.c.?43.e.
Provided money, a thing of value, services or labor, or any other assistance or support for an individual,
group, or organization who did any of the activities described in Item Numbers 43.b. - 43.e.?
44. Do you intend to engage in any of the activities listed in any part of Item Numbers 43.b. - 43.e.?43.i.
45. Do you intend to engage in any activity that could endanger the welfare, safety, or security of the United
NOTE:  If you answered "Yes" to any part of Item Numbers 42.a . -45., explain what you did, including the dates and location
of the circumstances, or what you intend to do in the space provided in Part 14. Additional Information.
Page 16 of 24A- A-Number
Part 9. General Eligibility and Inadmissibility Grounds  (continued)
Yes           NoYes           NoYes           NoYes           NoYes           NoYes           NoYes            No
Yes           NoYes           NoYes           No
Yes           NoYes           NoYes           No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Yes           No
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24Yes           No
Yes           NoX
Are you the spouse or child of an individual who EVER  engaged in any of the activities listed in Item
Numbers 43.b. - 43.i. ?
NOTE: If you answered "Yes" to any part of Item Number 46. , explain what your parent or spouse did, including the dates and
location of the circumstances in Part 14. Additional Information.
Have you EVER  sold, provided, or transported weapons, or assisted any person in selling, providing, or
transporting weapons, which you knew or believed would be used against another person?46.
Have you EVER  worked, volunteered, or otherwise served in any prison, jail, prison camp, detention
facility, labor camp, or any other place where people were detained, or have you EVER  directed or
participated in any other activity that involved detaining people?47.
Have you EVER  served in, been a member of, assisted (helped), or participated in any military or police
Have you EVER  been a member of, assisted, or participated in any group, unit, or organization of any kind
in which you or other persons used any type of weapon against any person or threatened to do so?49.
Have you EVER been a member of, or in any way affiliated with, the Communist Party or any totalitarian
party (in the United States or abroad)?50.
52.Have you EVER  served in, been a member of, assisted (helped), or participated in any armed group (a
group that carries weapons), for example: paramilitary unit (a group of people who act like a military
group, but are not part of the official military), self-defense unit, vigilante unit, rebel group, or guerrilla
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 50. or 51. , include the name of the country, the name of the military unit or armed
group, your rank or position, and your dates of involvement in your explanation in Part 14. Additional Information.
NOTE:  If you answered "Yes" to any part of Item Numbers 47. - 55. , explain what occurred, including the dates and location
of the circumstances, in the space provided in Part 14. Additional Information.55. Have you EVER  used any person under 15 years of age to take part in hostilities, for instance, participating
in combat or providing services related to combat (such as sabotage or serving as a courier) or providing
support services (such as transporting supplies), or attempted or worked with others to do so?Have you EVER  recruited, enlisted, conscripted, or used any person under 15 years of age to take part in
hostilities or to serve in or help an armed force or group, or attempted or worked with others to do so?Intentionally and severely injuring or trying to injure any person? 53.d.
54.Have you EVER  ordered, incited, called for, committed, assisted, helped with, or otherwise participated in any of the following:
Torture? 53.a.
Genocide? 53.b.
Killing, or trying to kill, any person? 53.c.
Page 17 of 24A- A-Number
Part 9. General Eligibility and Inadmissibility Grounds (continued)
Yes           NoYes           NoYes           NoYes           No
Yes           No
Yes           NoYes            NoYes           NoYes            No
Yes           NoYes           No
Yes           No
Yes           NoX
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
Public Charge
Each noncitizen who is subject to the public charge ground of inadmissibility in INA section 212(a)(4) must complete Item Numbers
57. - 66.  A noncitizen is subject to the public charge ground of inadmissibility if the noncitizen does not fall under one of the
categories exempt from the public charge ground of inadmissibility listed below. If you fall under one of the exempt categories listed
below, please select the exempt category, and skip Item Numbers 57. - 66.  If you do not fall under one of the exempt categories listed
below, select "I do not fall under any of the exempt categories listed above and will complete Item Numbers 57. - 66."
NOTE:  For more information, see Part 9. General Eligibility and Inadmissibility Grounds,  Public Charge  section of these
Asylee (Form I-589 or Form I-730)
Victim of Qualifying Criminal Activity (U Nonimmigrant) under INA section 245(m) (Form I-918, Form I-918A, or Form
I-929)Refugee (Form I-590 or Form I-730)Certain Afghan or Iraqi National (Form I-360 or Form DS-157)
Human Trafficking Victim (T nonimmigrant) under INA section 245(l) (Form I-914 or Form I-914A)Special Immigrant Juvenile (Form I-360)VAWA Self-Petitioner (Form I-360)
Cuban Adjustment ActAny category other than INA section 245(m), but you are in valid U nonimmigrant status at the time you file your
application for adjustment of status. (This exemption only applies if, at the time of the adjudication of Form I-485, you are
still in valid U nonimmigrant status. If, at the time of adjudication of Form I-485, you are no longer in valid U
nonimmigrant status, you will be subject to the public charge ground of inadmissibility.)
Any category other than INA section 245(l), but you either have a pending application for T nonimmigrant status (Form
I-914) that sets forth a prima facie case for eligibility or are in valid T nonimmigrant status at the time you file your
application for adjustment of status. (This exemption only applies if your Form I-914 is still pending and deemed to be
prima facie eligible or you are in valid T nonimmigrant status when we adjudicate your adjustment of status application.)
Dependent Status under the Haitian Refugee Immigrant Fairness Act for Battered Spouses and ChildrenDependent Status under the Haitian Refugee Immigrant Fairness ActCuban Adjustment Act for Battered Spouses and Children56.
A Lautenberg Parolee
Continuous Residence in the United States Since Before January 1, 1972 ("Registry")
Nicaraguans and Other Central Americans under section 203 of the Nicaraguan Adjustment and Central American Relief
Act (NACARA)Polish or Hungarian ParoleeAmerasian Homecoming ActNational of Vietnam, Cambodia, or Laos Applying under the Foreign Operations, Export Financing, and Related ProgramsCuban and Haitian Entrants Applying for Adjustment of Status under section 202 of the Immigration Reform and Control
Act of 1986
American Indian Born in Canada (INA section 289) or the Texas Band of Kickapoo Indians of the Kickapoo Tribe of
Oklahoma, Public Law 97-429 (Jan. 8, 1983)
Section 7611 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 (Liberian Refugee Immigration Fairness)I am exempt from the public charge ground of inadmissibility because I am a/an (select o nly one box):A- A-Number
Part 9. General Eligibility and Inadmissibility Grounds (continued)
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24Page 18 of 24
$0-27,00057. What is the size of your household?
58. Indicate your annual household income.
$27,001-52,000 $52,001-85,000 $85,001-141,000 Over $141,000
59. Identify the total value of your household assets.
$0-18,400 $18,401-136,000 $136,001-321,400 $321,401-707,100 Over $707,100
60. Identify the total value of your household liabilities (including both secured and unsecured liabilities).
$0 $1-10,100 $10,101-57,700 $57,701-186,800 Over $186,800Spouse, Child, or Parent of a U.S. Active-Duty Service Member in the Armed Forces under the National Defense
Authorization Act (NDAA) (Form I-130 or Form I-360)
I do not fall under any of the exempt categories listed above and will complete Item Numbers 57. - 66.
If you selected "I do not fall under any of the exempt categories listed above and will complete Item Numbers 57. - 66. " inItem
Number 56., complete Item Numbers 57. - 66.  below. If you selected an exempt category in Item Number 56. , go to Item Number
67. If you need extra space to complete this section, use the space provided in Part 14. Additional Information.
What is the highest degree or grade of school you have completed? 61.
Less than a high school diploma. If you select this option, indicate the highest grade of school you have completed.
High school diploma, GED, or alternative credential 1 or more years of college credit, no degree
Associate's degree Master's degree Professional degree (JD, MD, DMD, etc.)
Doctorate degreeBachelor's degreeSyrian National Adjusting Status under Public Law 106-378
62. List your certifications, licenses, skills obtained through work experience, and educational certificates.
64. Have you ever received long-term institutionalization at government expense?A- A-Number
Part 9. General Eligibility and Inadmissibility Grounds (continued)
Page 19 of 24List of Certifications
Have you ever received Supplemental Security Income (SSI), Temporary Assistance for Needy Families
(TANF), or state, Tribal, territorial, or local cash benefit programs for income maintenance (often called
"General Assistance" in the state context  but which also exist under other names)?
Yes            NoYes            No1
XTruck Driver for more than 28 years.
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
66. If your answer to Item Number 64.  is "Yes," list the name, city, and state for each institution, the start and end dates of each
period of institutionalization, the reason you were institutionalized, and whether you were institutionalized while you were in an
immigration category exempt from the public charge ground of inadmissibility.
Institution Name/City/State Date From Date To ReasonIf your answer to Item Number 63.  is "Yes," list the specific benefit(s) you received, the start and end dates of each period of
receipt, the dollar amount of benefits received, and whether you received the benefits while you were in an immigration
category exempt from the public charge ground of inadmissibility.
Benefit Received Start Date End Date Dollar Amount
In a Category Exempt
from Public Charge
Have you EVER  failed or refused to attend or to remain in attendance at any removal proceeding filed
against you on or after April 1, 1997?67.
NOTE:   If your answer to Item Number 67.  is "Yes," attach a written statement explaining why you failed or refused to attend
or remain in attendance at the removal proceeding, including any explanation of a reasonable cause for that failure or refusal.
Have you EVER  submitted altered, fraudulent, or counterfeit documentation to any U.S. Government
official to obtain or attempt to obtain any immigration benefit, including a visa or entry into the United
States?68.Illegal Entries and Other Immigration Violations
Have you EVER  lied about, concealed, or misrepresented any information on an application or petition to
obtain a visa, other documentation required for entry into the United States, admission to the United States,
or any other kind of immigration benefit?
Are you under a final order of civil penalty for violating INA section 274 C for use of fraudulent
documents?72.Have you EVER  falsely claimed to be a U.S. citizen (in writing or any other way)?
Have you EVER been a stowaway on a vessel or aircraft arriving in the United States?70.
Have you EVER  knowingly encouraged, induced, assisted, abetted, or aided any foreign national to enter
or to try to enter the United States illegally (alien smuggling)?69.
Removal, Unlawful Presence, or Illegal Reentry After Previous Immigration Violations
Have you EVER  been excluded, deported, or removed from the United States or have you ever departed the
United States on your own after having been ordered excluded, deported, or removed from the United
Have you EVER  entered the United States without being inspected and admitted or paroled?In a Category Exempt
from Public Charge
Yes            NoYes            NoYes            NoYes            NoYes            NoYes            NoYes            NoYes            NoYes            NoYes        NoYes        NoYes        NoYes        NoA- A-Number
Part 9. General Eligibility and Inadmissibility Grounds (continued)
Page 20 of 24Yes        No
Yes        No
Yes        No
Yes        No
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 76. , was a severe form of trafficking in persons at least one
central reason for your unlawful presence in the United States?76.
NOTE:  Severe trafficking in persons involves sex trafficking (the recruitment, harboring, transportation, provision, or obtaining
of a person to commit a commercial sex act) induced by force, fraud, coercion, or in which the person is induced to perform
such act has not reached 18 years of age, or the recruitment, harboring, transportation, provision, or obtaining of a person for
labor or services, through the use of force, fraud, or coercion for the purpose of subjection to involuntary servitude, peonage,
debt bondage, or slavery.
Since April 1, 1997, have you EVER  reentered or attempted to reenter the United States without being inspected and admitted or
paroled after:
78.a. Having been unlawfully present in the United States for more than one year in the aggregate on or after
April 1, 1997? You were unlawfully present in the United States for more than one year in the aggregate
if you count all of the days during all of your stays that you were present in the United States after the
expiration of the period of stay authorized by the DHS Secretary or were present in the United States
without being admitted or paroled.
Having been deported, excluded, or removed from the United States? 78.b.Since April 1, 1997, have you been unlawfully present in the United States? You were unlawfully present
in the United States if you were present in the United States after the expiration of the period of stay
authorized by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary or were present in the United States
without being admitted or paroled.
77.NOTE:  If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 76. , give the dates of unlawful presence in the space provided in Part 14.
Additional Information.
Are you accompanying an alien who is inadmissible and who has been certified by a medical officer as
helpless from sickness, mental or physical disability, or infancy, and who requires your protection or
guardianship, as described in INA section 232(c)?Miscellaneous Conduct
83.Do you plan to practice polygamy in the United States? 79.
Have you EVER  assisted in detaining, retaining, or withholding custody of a U.S. citizen child outside
the United States from a person who has been granted custody of the child?80.
Have you E VER voted in violation of any Federal, state, or local constitutional provision, statute,
ordinance, or regulation in the United States?
Have you EVER renounced U.S. citizenship to avoid being taxed by the United States?81.
84.a. Applied for exemption or discharge from training or service in the U.S. armed forces or in the U.S.
National Security Training Corps on the ground that you are a foreign national?Have you EVER:
84.b. Been relieved or discharged from such training or service on the ground that you are a foreign national?
84.c. Been convicted of desertion from the U.S. armed forces?
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 85. , what was your nationality or immigration status immediately before you left (for
example, U.S. citizen or national, lawful permanent resident, nonimmigrant, parolee, present without admission or parole, or any
other status)?85.
86.Have you EVER  left or remained outside the United States to avoid or evade training or service in the
U.S. armed forces in time of war or a period declared by the President to be a national emergency?Yes            No
Yes            No
Yes            No
Yes            No
Yes            No
Yes            No
Yes            NoYes            No
Yes            NoYes            NoYes            No
Page 21 of 24A- A-Number
Part 9. General Eligibility and Inadmissibility Grounds (continued)
Yes            No
Yes            No X
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
Applicant's Contact Information
Provide your daytime telephone number, mobile telephone number (if any), and email address (if any).
Applicant's Daytime Telephone Number 1.
Applicant's Email Address (if any) 3.Applicant's Mobile Telephone Number (if any) 2.
Applicant's Certification and Signature
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that I provided or authorized all of the responses and information contained in and submitted with
my application, I read and understand or, if interpreted to me in a language in which I am fluent by the interpreter listed in Part 11.,
understood, all of the responses and information contained in, and submitted with, my application, and that all of the responses and the
information are complete, true, and correct. Furthermore, I authorize the release of any information from any and all of my records
that USCIS may need to determine my eligibility for an immigration request and to other entities and persons where necessary for the
administration and enforcement of U.S. immigration law.
4. Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)
Part 11. Interpreter's Contact Information, Certification, and Signature
Interpreter's Given Name (First Name) Interpreter's Family Name (Last Name) 1.Interpreter's Full Name
Interpreter's Business or Organization Name 2.
Interpreter's Contact Information
Interpreter's Daytime Telephone Number Interpreter's Mobile Telephone Number (if any) 3. 4.
Interpreter's Email Address (if any) 5.
Interpreter's Certification and Signature
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that I am fluent in English and
and I have interpreted every question on the application and Instructions and interpreted the applicant's answers to the questions in that
language, and the applicant informed me that they understood every instruction, question, and answer on the application.,
Interpreter's Signature Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy) 6.
Page 22 of 24A- A-Number
Part 10. Applicant's Contact Information, Certification, and Signature
347-323-2168 347-323-2168
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24Applicant's Signature
2. Preparer's Business or Organization NamePreparer's Full Name
1. Preparer's Family Name (Last Name) Preparer's Given Name (First Name)
Preparer's Contact Information
Preparer's Daytime Telephone Number 3.
Preparer's Email Address (if any) 5.Preparer's Mobile Telephone Number (if any) 4.
Preparer's Certification and Signature
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that I prepared this application for the applicant at their request and with express consent and that
all of the responses and information contained in and submitted with the application are complete, true, and correct and reflects only
information provided by the applicant. The applicant reviewed the responses and information and informed me that they understand
the responses and information in or submitted with the application.
Preparer's Signature Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy) 6.
NOTE:  Do not complete Part 13. until the USCIS Officer instructs you to do so at the interview.
USCIS Officer's Signature (sign in ink)Part 13. Signature at Interview
I swear (affirm) and certify under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America that I know that the contents of
Subscribed to and sworn to (affirmed) before me
USCIS Officer's Printed Name or Stamp
Applicant's Signature (sign in ink)Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)information on additional pages submitted by me with this Form I-485, on numbered pageschanges made to this application, numbered  , are complete, true, and correct.  All
are complete, true, and correct.  All documents submitted at this interview were provided by me and are complete, true, and correct.throughthis Form I-485, Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status, subscribed by me, including the
Page 23 of 24A- A-Number
Part 12. Contact Information, Certification, and Signature of the Person Preparing this Application, if
Other Than the Applicant
ARANDIA LAW FIRMARANDIA ALEXANDER
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24
If you need extra space to provide any additional information within this application, use the space below. If you need more space than
what is provided, you may make copies of this page to complete and file with this application or attach a separate sheet of paper.
Type or print your name and A-Number (if any) at the top of each sheet; indicate the Page Number, Part Number,  and Item
Number  to which your answer refers; and sign and date each sheet.
BREA ORTIZ1. Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name)
JESUSMiddle Name (if applicable)
Page Number
8 6 2
Name: YULISA BREA PERDOMO
Date of Birth: 12/15/1994
Place of Birth: Santo Domingo Dominican Republic
12 7 2
Name: ROSA ELIZABETH BREA PERDOMO
Date of Birth: 05/10/1992
Place of Birth: Dominican Republic
14 9 13
I violated the terms of the nonimmigrant status. I overstayed the time granted on my last arrival.
21 9 76
I have been unlawfully present in the U.S since 01/28/25 because I overstayed the time granted on my last arrival.Part Number Item Number 2.
Page Number Part Number Item Number 3.
Page Number Part Number Item Number 4.
Page Number Part Number Item Number 5.
Page 24 of 24
A- A-Number
Part 14. Additional Information
Form I-485   Edition   10/24/24