Document: 684f7c63-3dbf-4d40-bd4a-c0d2341d5635_I-765 (19).pdf
Processed: 2025-05-27 05:07:08
==================================================

Page 1 of 7 Form I-765   Edition   08/28/24Authorization/ExtensionAuthorization/Extension
For Application For Employment Authorization USCIS
START HERE - Type or print in black ink.
Part 1.  Reason for Applying
Your Full Legal Name
1.a. Family Name
1.b. Given Name
1.c. Middle NameInitial permission to accept employment.I am applying for  (select only one box):
Replacement of lost, stolen, or damaged employment
NOTE:   Replacement (correction) of an employment1.a.
Renewal of my permission to accept employment. 1.c.Action Block Fee Stamp
is attached.  USCIS Online Account Number ( if any )To be completed by an attorney or
Part 2.  Information About YouOther Names Used
Provide all other names you have ever used, including aliases,
2.a. Family Name
2.b. Given Name
2.c. Middle Name
Middle Name 4.c.Given Name 4.b.Family Name 4.a.Family Name
3.b. Given Name
3.c. Middle NameRemarksA- Alien Registration Number OMB No. 1615-0040Form I-765
Expires 09/30/2027Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
Valid From
Only Valid Through
accredited representative ( if any ). Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA)-Select this box if Form G-28 Attorney or Accredited Representative
authorization document, or correction of my
employment authorization document NOT DUE  to
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)
error. Additional Information.maiden name, and nicknames.  If you need extra space to
complete this section, use the space provided in Part 6.
(Last Name)
(First Name)
(Last Name)
(First Name)Replacement for Card Error  in the What is theauthorization document due to USCIS error does not
require a new Form I-765 and filing fee.  Refer to
Filing Fee section of the Form I-765 Instructions for
further details.
(Last Name)(Attach a copy of your previous employment
authorization document.)
(First Name)
(Last Name)
(First Name)X
BREA ORTIZ
Page 2 of 7Part 2.  Information About You (continued)
Is your current mailing address the same as your physical
provide your physical address below.
U.S. Physical Address
7.c. City or Town
7.d. State 7.e. ZIP Code7.b.7.a. Street Number
Other Information
USCIS Online Account Number (if any) 9.A-8. Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any)Consent for Disclosure:  I authorize disclosure of
information from this application to the SSA as required
for the purpose of assigning me an SSN and issuing me a
Social Security card.15.
NOTE:   If you answered "Yes"  to Item Numbers
14. - 15.,  provide the information requested in Item
Numbers 16.a. - 17.b.
Gender 10.
Marital Status 11.
12. Have you previously filed Form I-765?Father's Name
16.a. Family Name
16.b. Given Name
Mother's Name
17.a. Family Name
17.b. Given NameProvide your mother's birth name.Provide your father's birth name.
provided in Part 6. Additional Information.
Country 18.b.CountryYour Country or Countries of Citizenship or
Nationality14.Provide your Social Security number (SSN) (if known). 13.b.
Your U.S. Mailing Address
5.d. City or Town
5.e. State 5.f. ZIP Code5.c.5.b.In Care Of Name (if any) 5.a.
Street Number
Has the Social Security Administration (SSA) ever 13.a.
Number 13.a., provide the information requested in  Item
Number 13.b. and Name
NOTE:   If you answered “No” to Item Number 6.,Flr. Ste. Apt.
and Name
Apt. Ste. Flr.
Female Male
Widowed Married Single
Yes NoDivorced
Yes No officially issued a Social Security card to you?
skip to Item Number 14.  If you answered "Yes" to ItemNOTE:   If you answered "No" to  Item Number 13.a.,  If you need extra space to complete this item, use the spaceList all countries where you are currently a citizen or national.(Last Name)
(First Name)(Last Name)
(First Name)Do you want the SSA to issue you a Social Security card?
Consent for Disclosure, to receive a card.)(You must also answer "Yes" to
YesYes No
NOTE:   If you answered “No”
YestoItem Number 14.,  skip
toPart 2., Item Number 18.a.   If you answered to “”
Yes” “ Item Number 14.,  you must also answer to Item
Number 15.Item Number 15.,
1960 Williamsbridge Rd
NY 10461
BREA ARIAS
Dominican RepublicX
Form I-765   Edition   08/28/24
Page 3 of 7Part 2.  Information About You ( continued )
Travel Document Number (if any) 21.c.
23. Place of Your Last Arrival Into the United StatesDate of Your Last Arrival Into the United States, On or
About (mm/dd/yyyy)22.21.d. Country That Issued Your Passport or Travel Document
21.e. Expiration Date for Passport or Travel Document
(mm/dd/yyyy)Passport Number of Your Most Recently Issued Passport 21.b.
Immigration Status at Your Last Arrival (for example,
B-2 visitor, F-1 student, or no status)24.
B-2 visitor, F-1 student, parolee, deferred action, or no
status or category)25.
Student and Exchange Visitor Information System
(SEVIS) Number (if any)26.Employer's Name as Listed in E-Verify 28.b.
Employer's E-Verify Company Identification Number or a
Valid E-Verify Client Company Identification Number28.c.
29. (c)(26) Eligibility Category.  If you entered the eligibility
category (c)(26) in Item Number 27., provide the receipt
number of your H-1B spouse's most recent Form I-797
Notice for Form I-129, Petition for a Nonimmigrant
(c)(8) Eligibility Category.   If you entered the eligibility
category (c)(8) in  Item Number 27.,  have you EVER
been arrested for and/or convicted of any crime?30.
(c)(35) and (c)(36) Eligibility Category.  If you e ntered
the eligibility category (c)(35) in Item Number 27.,  please
provide the receipt number of your Form I-797 Notice for
Form I-140, Immigrant Petition for Alien Worker.  If you
entered the eligibility category (c)(36) in Item Number
27., please provide the receipt number of your spouse's or
parent's Form I-797 Notice for Form I-140.31.a.Degree 28.a.
Information About Your Last Arrival in the
United States
Form I-94 Arrival-Departure Record Number (if any) 21.a.28.a - 28.c.28.Eligibility Category. Refer to the Who May File Form
I-765  section of the Form I-765 Instructions to determine
the appropriate eligibility category for this application.
Enter the appropriate letter and number for your eligibility
category below (for example, (a)(8), (c)(17)(iii)).27.Information About Your Eligibility Category
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) 20.Country of Birth 19.c.19.a. City/Town/Village of Birth
State/Province of Birth 19.b.List the city/town/village, state/province, and country wherePlace of Birth
( ) ) ( ) (
NOTE:   If you answered “Yes” to Item Number 31.b.,
refer to Employment-Based Nonimmigrant Categories,
Items 8. - 9.,  in the Who May File Form I-765  section
of the Form I-765 Instructions for information about
providing court dispositions.If you entered the eligibility category (c)(35) or (c)(36) in
Item Number 27.,  have you EVER  been arrested for
and/or convicted of any crime?31.b.
N-you were born.
entered the eligibility category  (c)(3)(C)  inItem Number
27., provide the information requested in  Item Numbers
Your Current Immigration Status or Category (for example,
No Yes(c)(3)(C) STEM OPT Eligibility Category.   If you
NOTE:   If you answered “Yes”  to Item Number 30.,
refer to Special Filing Instructions for Those With
Pending Asylum Applications (c)(8)  in the Required
Documentation  section of the Form I-765 Instructions
for information about providing court dispositions.Yes No
MONTE PLATA
Dominican Republic
RD8529296C 09
NO STATUSB2, VISITORNYCDominican Republic
Form I-765   Edition   08/28/24
Page 4 of 7The interpreter named in Part 4.  read to me every
question and instruction on this application and my
answer to every question in1.b.I can read and understand English, and I have read
and understand every question and instruction on this
application and my answer to every question.1.a.
a language in which I am fluent, and I understood
everything.,NOTE:   Select the box for either Item Number 1.a.  or1.b.  If
applicable, select the box for Item Number 2.Part 3.  Applicant's Statement, Contact
Information, Declaration, Certification, and
Applicant's StatementNOTE:   Read the Penalties  section of the Form I-765
Instructions before completing this section.  You must file
Form I-765 while in the United States.
2. At my request, the preparer named in Part 5.,
prepared this application for me based only upon
information I provided or authorized.,Applicant's Declaration and Certification
Copies of any documents I have submitted are exact photocopies
of unaltered, original documents, and I understand that USCIS
may require that I submit original documents to USCIS at a later
date.  Furthermore, I authorize the release of any information
from any and all of my records that USCIS may need to
determine my eligibility for the immigration benefit that I seek.
I furthermore authorize release of information contained in this
application, in supporting documents, and in my USCIS
records, to other entities and persons where necessary for the
administration and enforcement of U.S. immigration law.
I understand that USCIS may require me to appear for an
appointment to take my biometrics (fingerprints, photograph,
and/or signature) and, at that time, if I am required to provide
biometrics, I will be required to sign an oath reaffirming that:
1)  I reviewed and understood all of the information
contained in, and submitted with, my application; and
2)  All of this information was complete, true, and correct
at the time of filing.
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that all of the information in
my application and any document submitted with it were
provided or authorized by me, that I reviewed and understand
all of the information contained in, and submitted with, my
application and that all of this information is complete, true, and
Applicant's Signature
Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy) 7.b.Applicant's Signature 7.a.
NOTE TO ALL APPLICANTS:   If you do not completely fill
out this application or fail to submit required documents listed
in the Instructions, USCIS may deny your application.Applicant's Daytime Telephone Number 3.Applicant's Contact Information
Applicant's Mobile Telephone Number (if any) 4.
Applicant's Email Address (if any) 5.
Select this box if you are a Salvadoran or Guatemalan
national eligible for benefits under the ABC
settlement agreement.6.
Part 4.  Interpreter's Contact Information,
Certification, and Signature
Interpreter's Business or Organization Name (if any) 2.Interpreter's Given Name (First Name) 1.b.Interpreter's Family Name (Last Name) 1.a.Interpreter's Full NameProvide the following information about the interpreter.X
ALEXANDER ARANDIA
Form I-765   Edition   08/28/24
Page 5 of 7Interpreter's Contact Information
Interpreter's Daytime Telephone Number 4.
Interpreter's Email Address (if any) 6.Interpreter's Mobile Telephone Number (if any) 5.
Interpreter's Certification
I am fluent in English and
which is the same language specified in Part 3., Item Number
1.b., and I have read to this applicant in the identified languageI certify, under penalty of perjury, that:
,Preparer's Given Name (First Name) 1.b.
2. Preparer's Business or Organization Name (if any)Preparer's Full NameProvide the following information about the preparer.
1.a. Preparer's Family Name (Last Name)Part 5.  Contact Information, Declaration, and
Preparer's Mailing Address
3.c. City or Town
3.d. State 3.e. ZIP Code
Postal CodeStreet Number 3.a.
3.h. CountryProvince
Preparer's Contact Information
Preparer's Mobile Telephone Number (if any) 5.Preparer's Daytime Telephone Number 4.
Preparer's Email Address (if any) 6.Interpreter's Mailing Address
3.c. City or Town
3.d. State 3.e. ZIP Code
Postal CodeStreet Number 3.a.
3.h. CountryProvincePart 4.  Interpreter's Contact Information,
Certification, and Signature
Interpreter's Signature
Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy) 7.b.7.a.and Name
Flr. Ste. Apt.and NameSignature of the Person Preparing this
Application, If Other Than the Applicant
every question and instruction on this application and his or her
Certification,  and has verified the accuracy of every answer. application, including the Applicant's Declaration and answer to every question.  The applicant informed me that he or
she understands every instruction, question, and answer on theApt. Ste. Flr.
ARANDIA LAW FIRM
80-02 KEW GARDENS RD
KEW GARDENS
United States
alex@arandialawfirm.comX 702
NY 11415
Interpreter's Signature
Form I-765   Edition   08/28/24
Xthe applicant and with the applicant's consent.
NOTE:  If you are an attorney or accreditedI am an attorney or accredited representative and
extends  does not extend beyond the7.a.
preparation of this application.
Preparer's Certification
By my signature, I certify, under penalty of perjury, that I
Preparer's Signature
8.b. Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)Part 5.  Contact Information, Declaration, and
Page 6 of 7Signature of the Person Preparing this
Application, If Other Than the Applicant
Preparer's Statement
I am not an attorney or accredited representative
but have prepared this application on behalf of
my representation of the applicant in this case
Appearance as Attorney or Accreditedcompleted Form G-28, Notice of Entry ofrepresentative, you may need to submit a
Representative, with this application.
prepared this application at the request of the applicant.  The
including the Applicant's Declaration and Certification,  andapplicant then reviewed this completed application and
informed me that he or she understands all of the information
contained in, and submitted with, his or her application,
that all of this information is complete, true, and correct.  I
completed this application based only on information that the
applicant provided to me or authorized me to obtain or use.
Preparer's Signature
Form I-765   Edition   08/28/24
Page 7 of 7Part 6.  Additional Information
within this application, use the space below.  If you need more
space than what is provided, you may make copies of this page
A-Number (if any) A-
Page Number 3.b. Part Number 3.c. Item Number
Page Number Part Number Item NumberPage Number Part Number Item Number 5.a.
Page Number5.b.
Part Number5.c.
Item Number5.d.
Part Number Page Number Item Number1.b.
1.c.1.a. Family Name
Given Name
Middle Name
4.c. 4.b.
4.d.4.a.6.d.6.c. 6.b. 6.a.
7.c. 7.b. 7.a.
7.d.(First Name)(Last Name)to complete and file with this application or attach a separateIf you need extra space to provide any additional information
Number,  and Item Number  to which your answer refers; and
sign and date each sheet.sheet of paper.  Type or print your name and A-Number (if any)
at the top of each sheet; indicate the Page Number, Part
Form I-765   Edition   08/28/24BREA ORTIZ