Document: 9b904c6d-e3c4-4d7a-ad0c-6235a73afc9f_I-864 JESUS BREA'S PETITIONER.pdf
Processed: 2025-05-27 05:07:10
==================================================

I am the sponsor submitting this affidavit of support because (Select only one box).Part 1.  Basis For Filing Affidavit of Support
Part 2.  Information About You (Sponsor)
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/241.a.
status.NOTE:  As a sponsor, you must include proof of your U.S. citizenship, U.S. national status, or lawful permanent residentTo be completed by an
START HERE - Type or print in black ink.
Sponsor's Full Legal Name ( Do not  provide a nickname)
Family Name (Last Name)I am the petitioner.  I filed or am filing for the immigration of my relative.
I filed an alien worker petition on behalf of the intending immigrant,who is related to me as my
I am the only joint sponsor.
I am the
the intending immigrant'sI have an ownership interest of at least 5 percent in
The original petitioner is deceased.  I am the substitute sponsor.  I amwhich filed an alien worker petition on behalf of the intending immigrant, who is related to me as myAffidavit of Support Submitter
2nd Joint Sponsor
Substitute Sponsor
5% Owner1st Joint Sponsor
firstAffidavit of Support Under Section 213A of the INA
Form G-28 orSelect this box if
G-28I is attached.
second of two joint sponsors.     Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
Reviewed By:
Date (mm/dd/yyyy):MEETS
Given Name (First Name)Attorney State Bar Number
(if applicable)Section 213A Review
DOES NOT MEET
Attorney or Accredited Representative
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)RemarksNumber of Support Affidavits in File
Middle Name (if applicable)1OMB No. 1615-0075
Expires 10/31/2027Form I-864
Page 1 of 12X
Attorney or Accredited
Representative (if any) .X
1969013 069785248376
BREA APONTE ESTEPHANIE SASHARY
2.Part 2.  Information About You (Sponsor) (continued)
Military Service (To be completed by petitioner sponsors only.)
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/24Other Information
Country of Domicile
12.Sponsor's Current Mailing Address
In Care Of Name (if any)
U.S. Social Security Number (Required)Street Number and Name
Is your current mailing address the same as your physical address?
If you answered ''No'' to Item Number 3. , provide your physical address in Item Number 4.
Immigration Status
Sponsor's A-Number (if any)
I am currently on active duty in the United States Armed Forces or U.S. Coast Guard.City or Town
City or Town
A-I am a U.S. citizen.
I am a U.S. national.
I am a lawful permanent resident.6.
11.Postal Code
Postal Code
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)Country
7. Country of BirthApt. Ste. Flr.   Number
State ZIP CodeZIP Code
Page 2 of 12No
NoXSponsor's Physical Address (if different from the address above)
Apt. Ste. Flr.   Number Street Number and Name7300 SACKETT ST X2
PHILADELPHIA PA 19152
United States
United States 06/23/1993 Dominican Republic
2.Part 3.  Information About the Principal Immigrant
Part 4.  Information About the Immigrants You Are Sponsoring
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/247.1.
Other Information
Country of Citizenship or Nationality
1.Principal Immigrant's Full Legal Name ( Do not  provide a nickname)
Family Name (Last Name)
Daytime Telephone Number
family members in Item Numbers  4. - 7.)
Family Member 1
Family Name (Last Name)
Relationship to Principal Immigrant
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)Current Mailing Address
In Care Of Name (if any)
Street Number and Name
I am sponsoring the principal immigrant named in Part 3.City or Town
Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any)
immigrant named in Part 3. (List family members in Item Numbers 4. - 7. Do not include any relative listed on a separate
visa petition.)
I am sponsoring the following family members who are immigrating more than six months after the principal immigrant.   (ListI am sponsoring the following family members immigrating at the same time or within six months of the principalNo, I am sponsoring family members in Part 4. as the second joint sponsor or I am sponsoring family members
who are immigrating more than six months after the principal immigrant.Given Name (First Name)
Postal Code
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)Given Name (First Name)Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)CountryMiddle Name (if applicable)
Middle Name (if applicable)ZIP Code
Page 3 of 12XApt. Ste. Flr.   Number
Alien Registration Number (A-Number, if any)BREA ORTIZ JESUS DANIEL
1960 Williamsbridge Rd X H5
Bronx NY 10461
United States
Dominican Republic 11/03/1966
(USPS ZIP Code Lookup)
5.Part 4.  Information About the Immigrants You Are Sponsoring (continued)
If you need additional space, use the space provided in Part 11. Additional Information.
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/247.Family Member 2
Family Name (Last Name)
Relationship to Principal Immigrant
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)
Family Member 3
Family Name (Last Name)
Relationship to Principal Immigrant
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)
Family Member 4
Family Name (Last Name)
Relationship to Principal Immigrant
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)Given Name (First Name)
Given Name (First Name)
Given Name (First Name)Middle Name (if applicable)
Middle Name (if applicable)
Middle Name (if applicable)
Page 4 of 12Alien Registration Number (A-Number, if any)
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) Alien Registration Number (A-Number, if any)
Alien Registration Number (A-Number, if any)
NOTE:  Do not count any member of your household more than once.
Persons you are sponsoring in this affidavit:Part 5.  Sponsor's Household Size
Persons NOT sponsored in this affidavit:
Part 6.  Sponsor's Employment and Income
I am currently:
Income you are using from any other person who was counted in your household size, including, in certain conditions, the
intending immigrant.  (See Form I-864 Instructions.)  Please indicate name, relationship, and income.7.
Enter the total number of immigrants you are sponsoring on this affidavit which includes the principal immigrant
listed in Part 3., any immigrants listed in Part 4., Item Numbers 4. -7. and, any additional sponsored immigrants
you listed in Part 11. Additional Information.  Do not count the principal immigrant if you are only sponsoring
family members entering more than six months after the principal immigrant.
If you have dependent children, enter the number here.  ( NOTE:  Enter ''0'' if you already counted your dependent
children in Item Number 1.)
If you have sponsored any other persons on Form I-864 or Form I-864EZ who are now lawful permanent residents
and you are still obligated to support, enter the number here.  ( NOTE:  Enter ''0'' if you already counted these
persons in Item Number 1.)
If you have siblings, parents, or adult children with the same principal residence who are combining their income
with yours by submitting Form I-864A, enter the number here. (NOTE:  Enter ''0'' if you already counted these
persons in Item Number 1.)
Name of Employer 1
Name of Employer 2 (if applicable)
My current individual annual income is:If you have any other dependents, enter the number here.  ( NOTE:  Enter ''0'' if you already counted your other
dependents in Item Number 1.)If you are currently married, enter ''1'' for your spouse.  ( NOTE: Enter ''0'' if you already counted your spouse in
Item Number 1. )
Add together Part 5., Item Numbers 1. -7. and enter the number here.
Employed as a/an
Retired Since (mm/dd/yyyy)
Unemployed Since (mm/dd/yyyy)Self-Employed as a/an (Occupation)Household Size:
$XUBER DRIVER
Page 5 of 12Form I-864   Edition   10/17/241
NOTE:   You MUST  attach a photocopy or transcript of your Federal income tax return for only the most recent tax year and
complete Item Number 16.a.  If you believe additional returns may help you to establish your ability to maintain sufficient income,
you may submit transcripts or photocopies of your Federal individual income tax returns for the three most recent years and complete
Item Numbers 16.a. - 16.c.Part 6.  Sponsor's Employment and Income (continued)
Type or print the most recent tax year and your total income for that most recent tax year.  If the amount was zero, type or print ''zero''
or if you were not required to file a Federal income tax return type or print ''N/A'' for not applicable.  Type or print ''N/A'' for not
applicable for Item Numbers 16.b. - 16.c. if you do are not submitting any additional tax returns.
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/24          If you need additional space, use the space provided in Part 11. Additional Information
Remarks 12.
14.Person 3
15.     Have you filed a Federal income tax return for each of the three most recent tax years?Federal Tax Return InformationUSCIS
Person 1
Person 2
My Current Annual Household Income (Total all lines from Part 6. Item Numbers 7. -11.;
the total will be compared to Federal Poverty Guidelines on Form I-864P.)Current Income
Current Income
Current Income
Current Income
The people listed in Item Numbers 8.  -11. have completed Form I-864A.  I am filing along with this affidavit all necessary
Form I-864As completed by these people.
One or more of the people listed in Item Numbers 8.  -11. do not need to complete Form I-864A because he or she is the
intending immigrant and has no accompanying dependents.$
Page 6 of 12No X10.
Person 4 11.
My total income (adjusted gross income on IRS Form 1040EZ) as reported on my Federal income tax returns for the most recent year was:
Tax YearPart 6.  Sponsor's Employment and Income ( continued )
Part 7.  Use of Assets to Supplement Income ( if Applicable )
Your Assets (if applicable)
Your household members who are combining their income with yours, report their assets on Form I-864A Part 4., inItem Number 6.
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/24If your income, or the total income for you and your household, from Part 6., Item Numbers 12. or16. exceeds the Federal Poverty
Guidelines for your household size, YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED to complete this Part 7.   Skip to Part 8.
Assets of your household members (if applicable)1.16.b.   2nd Most Recent
16.c.   3rd Most Recent
17.16.a.   Most RecentUSCIS
Enter the balance of all cash, savings, and checking accounts.
Enter the net cash value of all stocks, bonds, certificates of deposit, and any other assets not
already included in Item Number 1. or Item Number 2.Enter the net cash value of real-estate holdings.  (Net value means assessed value minus mortgage
Add together Item Numbers 1. - 3.  and enter the number here.
Add together the household members' assets reported on all the Form I-864A
Part 4., Item Number 6. and enter the number here.debt.) $I was not required to file a Federal income tax return as my income was below the IRS required level and I have attached
evidence to support this.
Household Size
Other1 2
9Poverty Guideline
$Year:   2 0
Poverty Line:$
$Total Income
The total value of all assets, line 10, must equal 5 times (3 times for spouses and children of
USCs, or 1 time for orphans to be formally adopted in the U.S.) the difference between the
poverty guidelines and the sponsor's household income, line 10.$Sponsor's Household Income
(Page 5, Line 10)Remarks
TOTAL:    $$
Page 7 of 122023
Assets of the principal sponsored immigrant (if applicable).Part 7.  Use of Assets to Supplement Income ( if Applicable ) (continued )
The principal sponsored immigrant is the person listed in Part 3., Item Number 1.  Only include the assets if the principal immigrant
is being sponsored by this affidavit of support.
Please note that, by signing this Form I-864, you agree to assume certain specific obligations under the Immigration and Nationality
Act (INA) and other Federal laws.  The following paragraphs describe those obligations.  Please read the following information
carefully before you sign Form I-864.  If you do not understand the obligations, you may wish to consult an attorney or accredited
What is the Legal Effect of My Signing Form I-864?
Under this contract, you agree that, in deciding whether the intending immigrant can establish that he or she is not inadmissible to the
United States as a person likely to become a public charge, the U.S. Government can consider your income and assets as available for
the support of the intending immigrant.
What If I Choose Not to Sign Form I-864?
What Does Signing Form I-864 Require Me To Do?
If an intending immigrant becomes a lawful permanent resident in the United States based on a Form I-864 that you have signed, then,
until your obligations under Form I-864 terminate, you must:
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/247.
Total Value of Assets
NOTE:   Read the Penalties section of the Form I-864 Instructions before completing this part.
If you sign Form I-864 on behalf of any person (called the intending immigrant) who is applying for an immigrant visa or for
adjustment of status to a lawful permanent resident, and that intending immigrant submits Form I-864 to the U.S. Government with his
or her application for an immigrant visa or adjustment of status, under INA section 213A, these actions create a contract between you
and the U.S. Government.  The intending immigrant becoming a lawful permanent resident is the consideration for the contract.
The U.S. Government cannot make you sign Form 1-864 if you do not want to do so.  But if you do not sign Form I-864, the intending
immigrant may not become a lawful permanent resident in the United States.10.
Part 8.  Sponsor's Contract, Contact Information, Certification, and Signature
Sponsor's Contract
B.Enter the balance of the principal immigrant's savings and checking accounts.
Enter the net cash value of all the principal immigrant's real estate holdings.  (Net value means
investment value minus mortgage debt.)
Enter the current cash value of the principal immigrant's stocks, bonds, certificates of deposit, and
other assets not included in Item Number 6. or Item Number 7.
Add together Item Numbers 6. - 8. and enter the number here.
Add together Item Numbers 4., 5., and 9.and enter the number here.
Provide the intending immigrant any support necessary to maintain him or her at an income that is at least 125 percent of
the Federal Poverty Guidelines for his or her household size (100 percent if you are the petitioning sponsor and are on
active duty in the U.S. Armed Forces or U.S. Coast Guard, and the person is your husband, wife, or unmarried child under
21 years of age); and
Notify U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) of any change in your address, within 30 days of the change, by
filing Form I-865.TOTAL: S$
Page 8 of 12
What Other Consequences Are There?Part 8.  Sponsor's Contract, Contact Information, Certification, and Signature ( continued )
If an intending immigrant becomes a lawful permanent resident in the United States based on a Form I-864 that you have signed, then,
until your obligations under Form I-864 terminate, the U.S. Government may consider (deem) your income and assets as available to
that person, in determining whether he or she is eligible for certain Federal means-tested public benefits and also for state or local
means-tested public benefits, if the state or local government's rules provide for consideration (deeming) of your income and assets as
available to the person.
This provision does not apply to public benefits specified in section 403(c) of the Welfare Reform Act such as emergency Medicaid,
short-term, non-cash emergency relief; services provided under the National School Lunch and Child Nutrition Acts; immunizations
and testing and treatment for communicable diseases; and means-tested programs under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.
What If I Do Not Fulfill My Obligations?
If you do not provide sufficient support to the person who becomes a lawful permanent resident based on a Form I-864 that you
signed, that person may sue you for this support.
If a Federal, state, local, or private agency provided any covered means-tested public benefit to the person who becomes a lawful
permanent resident based on a Form I-864 that you signed, the agency may ask you to reimburse them for the amount of the benefits
they provided.  If you do not make the reimbursement, the agency may sue you for the amount that the agency believes you owe.
If you are sued, and the court enters a judgment against you, the person or agency that sued you may use any legally permitted
procedures for enforcing or collecting the judgment.  You may also be required to pay the costs of collection, including attorney fees.
When Will These Obligations End?
NOTE:   Divorce does not  terminate your obligations under Form I-864.
Your obligations under a Form I-864 that you signed also end if you die.  Therefore, if you die, your estate is not required to take
responsibility for the person's support after your death.  However, your estate may owe any support that you accumulated before you
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/24If you do not file a properly completed Form I-865 within 30 days of any change of address, USCIS may impose a civil fine for your
failing to do so.
Your obligations under a Form I-864 that you signed will end if the person who becomes a lawful permanent resident based on that
NOTE:   Select the box for either Item A. or B.in Item Number 1.  If applicable, select the box for Item Number 2.A.
E.Is subject to removal, but applies for and obtains, in removal proceedings, a new grant of adjustment of status,
based on a new affidavit of support, if one is required; orBecomes a U.S. citizen;
Has worked, or can receive credit for, 40 quarters of coverage under the Social Security Act;
No longer has lawful permanent resident status and has departed the United States;
Page 9 of 12
2.Part 8.  Sponsor's Contract, Contact Information, Certification, and Signature ( continued )
Copies of any documents I have submitted are exact photocopies of unaltered, original documents, and I understand that USCIS or the
U.S. Department of State (DOS) may require that I submit original documents to USCIS or DOS at a later date.  Furthermore, I
authorize the release of any information from any of my records that USCIS or DOS may need to determine my eligibility for the
immigration benefit I seek.
I furthermore authorize release of information contained in this affidavit, in supporting documents, and in my USCIS or DOS records
to other entities and persons where necessary for the administration and enforcement of U.S. immigration law,
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that all of the information in my affidavit and any document submitted with it were provided or
authorized by me, that I reviewed and understand all of the information contained in, and submitted with, my affidavit, and that all of
this information is complete, true, and correct.
NOTE TO ALL SPONSORS:   If you do not completely fill out this affidavit or fail to submit required documents listed in the
Instructions, USCIS or DOS may deny your request.
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/241.Sponsor's Statement
Sponsor's Contact Information
Sponsor's Declaration and Certification
Sponsor's SignatureA.
Sponsor's Daytime Telephone Number
Sponsor's Email Address (if any)
C.Sponsor's Statement Regarding the Interpreter
Sponsor's SignatureAt my request, the preparer named in Part 10.,
for me based only upon information I provided or authorized.
Each of the Federal income tax returns submitted in support of this affidavit are true copies, or are unaltered tax
transcripts, of the tax returns I filed with the IRS;I agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of any Federal or state court that has subject matter jurisdiction of a lawsuit
against me to enforce my obligations under this Form I-864EZ;I know the contents of this affidavit of support that I signed;
I have read and I understand each of the obligations described in Part 8., and I agree, freely and without any mental
reservation or purpose of evasion, to accept each of those obligations in order to make it possible for the immigrant
indicated in Part 3. to become a lawful permanent resident of the United States;
I understand that, if I am related to the sponsored immigrant by marriage, the termination of the marriage (by divorce,
dissolution, annulment, or other legal process) will not relieve me of my obligations under this Form I-864EZ; and
I authorize the Social Security Administration to release information about me in its records to the USCIS and DOS.I can read and understand English, and I have read and understand every question and instruction on this affidavit and
my answer to every question.
The interpreter named in Part 9.  read to me every question and instruction on this affidavit and my answer to every
everything.question in
4. Sponsor's Mobile Telephone Number (if any),a language in which I am fluent, and I understood
Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy), prepared this affidavit
Page 10 of 12XX
ALEXANDER ARANDIA
2.Part 9.  Interpreter's Contact Information, Certification, and Signature
question on the affidavit and Instructions and interpreted the sponsor's answers to the questions in that language, and the sponsor
informed me that they understood every instruction, question, and answer on the affidavit.
information provided by the sponsor.  The sponsor reviewed the responses and information and informed me that they understand the
responses and information in or submitted with the affidavit.
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/24I certify, under penalty of perjury, that: that I am fluent in English and
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that I prepared this affidavit for the sponsor at their request and with express consent and that all of
the responses and information contained in and submitted with the affidavit are complete, true, and correct and reflects only1.
1.Interpreter's Full Name
Interpreter's Contact Information
Interpreter's Certification and Signature
Preparer's Full Name
Preparer's Contact Information
Preparer's Certification and SignaturePart 10.  Contact Information, Declaration, and Signature of the Person Preparing this Affidavit, if
Other Than the Sponsor
Preparer's Family Name (Last Name)
Preparer's SignatureInterpreter's Family Name (Last Name)
Interpreter's Business or Organization Name
Interpreter's Email Address (if any)
Interpreter's Signature
Preparer's Business or Organization Name
Preparer's Daytime Telephone Number
Preparer's Email Address (if any)Interpreter's Daytime Telephone NumberInterpreter's Given Name (First Name)
4.    Interpreter's Mobile Telephone Number (if any)
Preparer's Given Name (First Name)
4. Preparer's Mobile Telephone Number (if any)Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)
Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy),and I have interpreted every
Page 11 of 12ARANDIA ALEXANDER
ARANDIA LAW FIRM
212-586-0500 212-586-0500
If you need extra space to provide any additional information within this contract, use the space below.  If you need more space than
what is provided, you may make copies of this page to complete and file with this contract or attach a separate sheet of paper.  Type or
print your name and A-Number (if any) at the top of each sheet; indicate the Page Number, Part Number, and Item Number to
which your answer refers; and sign and date each sheet.Part 11.  Additional Information
Form I-864   Edition   10/17/241. Family Name (Last Name)
Page Number
Page Number
Page Number
Page NumberA-Number (if any)
Part Number
Part Number
Part Number
Part NumberA-
Item Number
Item Number
Item Number
Item NumberGiven Name (First Name) Middle Name (if applicable)
Page 12 of 12
BREA APONTE ESTEPHANIE SASHARY