Document: a75f79a9-fccb-4dea-9edb-f313f59dca0e_modif I-601A Eidie Villatoro Barrios.pdf
Processed: 2025-05-27 04:52:56
==================================================

Form G-28   09/17/18   Page 1 of 4 Notice of Entry of Appearance
as Attorney or Accredited Representative
Department of Homeland Security
Part 1.  Information About Attorney or
Accredited Representative
Name of Attorney or Accredited Representative
5.2.a. Family Name
(Last Name)
2.b. Given Name (First Name)
2.c. Middle Name
Daytime Telephone Number
Form G-28
OMB No. 1615-0105
Expires 05/31/2021
1. USCIS Online Account Number (if any)
Street Number
and Name3.a.
3.b. Ste. Flr. Apt.
3.c.  City or Town
3.d. State 3.e. ZIP Code
3.f. Province
3.g. Postal Code
3.h. Country
Email Address  (if any)
7. Fax Number (if any)6.2.b. Name of Recognized Organization
2.c. Date of Accreditation (mm/dd/yyyy) 2.a.  I am an accredited representative of the following
qualified nonprofit religious, charitable, social service, or similar organization established in the United States and recognized by the Department of Justice in accordance with 8 CFR part 1292.1.c. I (select only one box) am not am
subject to any order suspending, enjoining, restraining, disbarring, or otherwise restricting me in the practice of law.  If you are subject to any orders, use the space provided in Part 6. Additional Information to provide
an explanation.1.b. Bar Number (if applicable)Part 2.  Eligibility Information for Attorney or Accredited Representative
Select all applicable  items.
1.a. I am an attorney eligible to practice law in, and a member in good standing of, the bar of the highest courts of the following states, possessions, territories, commonwealths, or the District of Columbia.  If you need extra space to complete this section, use the space provided in Part 6. Additional Information.
Contact Information of Attorney or Accredited Representative
3.   I am associated with
the attorney or accredited representative of record who previously filed Form G-28 in this case, and my appearance as an attorney or accredited representative for a limited purpose is at his or her request.,
4.a.  I am a law student or law graduate working under the direct supervision of the attorney or accredited representative of record on this form in accordance with the requirements in 8 CFR 292.1(a)(2).
4.b.  Name of Law Student or Law GraduateLicensing Authority
Mobile Telephone Number (if any)Address of Attorney or Accredited Representative
1.d. Name of Law Firm or Organization (if applicable)(USPS ZIP Code Lookup)
8002 KEW GARDENS RD
KEW GARDENS
United States
New York, NY Appellate Second Division Dept
ARANDIA LAWFIRM
Form G-28   09/17/18   Page 2 of 4I enter my appearance as an attorney or accredited
representative at the request of the (select only one box):5.
Applicant Petitioner Requestor
Respondent (ICE, CBP)2.a. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE)
List the specific matter in which appearance is entered. 2.b.
3.a. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP)
List the specific matter in which appearance is entered. 3.b.1.a. U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)
List the form numbers or specific matter in which appearance is entered.1.b.Part 3.  Notice of Appearance as Attorney or Accredited Representative
This appearance relates to immigration matters before (select only one box):
Information About Client (Applicant, Petitioner, Requestor, Beneficiary or Derivative, Respondent, or Authorized Signatory for an Entity)
6.a. Family Name
(Last Name)
6.b. Given Name (First Name)
6.c. Middle Name
7.a. Name of Entity (if applicable)11. Mobile Telephone Number (if any)
9. Client's Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any)8. Client's USCIS Online Account Number (if any)
►Province 13.f.
Postal Code 13.g.
Country 13.h.13.a. Street Number
and Name
13.c.  City or Town
13.d. State 13.e. ZIP Code13.b. Ste. Flr. Apt.NOTE:  Provide the client's mailing address.  Do not provide
the business mailing address of the attorney or accredited
representative unless it serves as the safe mailing address on the
application or petition being filed with this Form G-28.Mailing Address of ClientEmail Address (if any) 12.
►A-Receipt Number (if any) 4.Daytime Telephone Number 10.Client's Contact Information
Title of Authorized Signatory for Entity (if applicable) 7.b.►
Part 4.  Client's  Consent to Representation and
I have requested the representation of and consented to being represented by the attorney or accredited representative named in Part 1. of this form.  According to the Privacy Act of 1974 and U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) policy, I also consent to the disclosure to the named attorney or accredited representative of any records pertaining to me that appear in any system of records of USCIS, ICE, or CBP.Consent to Representation and Release of InformationIf you need extra space to complete this section, use the space provided in Part 6. Additional Information.
Villatoro Barrios
United States
1182 west Farm Rd
Form G-28   09/17/18   Page 3 of 4Part 4.  Client's Consent to Representation and
Signature (continued)Part 5.  Signature of Attorney or Accredited  Representative
I have read and understand the regulations and conditions contained in 8 CFR 103.2 and 292 governing appearances and representation before DHS.  I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States that the information I have provided on this form is true and correct.
1. a. Signature of Attorney or Accredited Representative
2.a. Signature of Law Student or Law Graduate
2.b. Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)I request that USCIS send original notices on an
application or petition to the business address of my attorney or accredited representative as listed in this form.1.a.If you want to have notices and/or secure identity documents
sent to your attorney or accredited representative of record rather
than to you, please select all applicable  items below.  You may
change these elections through written notice to USCIS.1.b. Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)USCIS will send notices to both a represented party (the client) and his, her, or its attorney or accredited representative either through mail or electronic delivery.  USCIS will send all secure identity documents and Travel Documents to the client's U.S. mailing address.Options Regarding Receipt of USCIS Notices and Documents
I request that USCIS send any secure identity document (Permanent Resident Card, Employment Authorization Document, or Travel Document) that I receive to the U.S. business address of my attorney or accredited representative (or to a designated military or diplomatic address in a foreign country (if permitted)).1.b.
NOTE:  If your notice contains Form I-94, Arrival-Departure Record, USCIS will send the notice to the U.S. business address of your attorney or accredited representative.  If you would rather have your Form I-94 sent directly to you, select Item Number 1.c.
I request that USCIS send my notice containing Form
I-94 to me at my U.S. mailing address.1.c.
2.a. Signature of Client or Authorized Signatory for an Entity
2.b. Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)
Signature of Client or Authorized Signatory for an Entity
Form G-28   09/17/18   Page 4 of 4Part 6.  Additional Information
If you need extra space to provide any additional information
within this form, use the space below.  If you need more space than what is provided, you may make copies of this page to complete and file with this form or attach a separate sheet of paper.  Type or print your name at the top of each sheet; indicate the  Page Number, Part Number, and Item Number
to which your answer refers; and sign and date each sheet.
2.d.1.a Family Name
(Last Name)
1.b. Given Name (First Name)
1.c. Middle Name
2.a. 2.b. 2.c. Page Number Part Number
3.d.3.a. 3.b. 3.c. Page Number Part Number Item NumberPage Number Part Number Item Number
Item Number Part Number Page NumberPage Number Part Number Item NumberItem Number4.c. 4.b.
5.d.5.c. 5.b. 5.a.
6.c. 6.b.
Villatoro Barrios
Page 1 of 9 Form I-601A   10/20/19
Application for Provisional Unlawful Presence Waiver
Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration ServicesUSCIS
Form I-601A
OMB No. 1615-0123
Expires 02/28/2021
Fee Stamp
OnlyRelocatedAction Block
Sent ReceivedInitial Receipt
START HERE - Type or print in black ink.►Select this box if
Form G-28 is
attached to represent the applicant.Attorney State Bar Number
(if applicable)Attorney or Accredited Representative USCIS Online Account Number  (if any)To be completed by an
attorney or
representative (if any).
►Part 1.  Information About You
Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any) 1.
U.S. Social Security Number (if any)►A-Provide the following information about yourself.
►3. USCIS Online Account Number (if any)
Your Full Name
4.a. Family Name
(Last Name)
4.b. Given Name (First Name)
4.c. Middle Name
Other Names Used (if any)
5.a. Family Name (Last Name)
5.b. Given Name (First Name)
5.c. Middle Name
6.a. Family Name (Last Name)
6.b. Given Name (First Name)
6.c. Middle NameYour U.S. Mailing Address
Street Number
and Name7.a. In Care Of Name
7.c. Apt. Ste. Flr.
7.d.  City or Town
7.e. State 7.f. ZIP Code
10.9.d. State 9.e. ZIP Code9.c. City or TownStreet Number
and Name9.a.
9.b. Flr. Ste. Apt.If you answered "No" to Item Number 8., provide your
physical address in Item Numbers 9.a. - 9.e.8. Is your current physical address the same as your mailing address?
Male FemaleYes No
Other InformationYour U.S. Physical Address
11. Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)(USPS ZIP Code Lookup)
Villatoro Barrios
1182 west Farm Rd
Page 2 of 9 Form I-601A   10/20/19   Part 1.  Information About You (continued)
12. City or Town of Birth
13. Country of Birth
14. Country of Citizenship or Nationality
Immigration Status (At the time of entry) 19.Place or Port-of-Entry (Actual or approximate city or town)
StateDate of Entry (On or about mm/dd/yyyy) 17.Your Last Entry Into the United States
Father's Family Name (Last Name)
16.b. Father's Given Name (First Name) 16.a.Mother's Given Name (First Name) 15.b.Mother's Family Name (Last Name)
Your Previous Entries Into the United States
To (On or about mm/dd/yyyy) 21.b.You were previously in the United States as follows:
From (On or about mm/dd/yyyy) 21.a.Place or Port-of-Entry (Actual or approximate city or town)
Immigration Status (At the time of entry) 22.To (On or about mm/dd/yyyy) 24.b.From (On or about mm/dd/yyyy) 24.a.
Immigration Status (At the time of entry) 25.
Are there other previous entries? 26.
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 26., include the
place of entry, dates, and your immigration status at the time of entry for any other prior entries in the space provided in Part 9. Additional Information.Yes No
Your Immigration or Criminal HistoryState 23.b.23.a. Place or Port-of-Entry (Actual or approximate city or town)
Are you currently in removal, exclusion, or deportation proceedings in which there is no final order issued by the immigration judge, the Board of Immigration Appeals, a DHS officer, or a Federal court yet?  (This includes proceedings under INA section 239, an exclusion or deportation proceeding initiated before April 1,1997, a Visa Waiver Program removal proceeding under INA section 217, expedited removal under INA 235, and a request for a judicial removal order under INA section 238(c))?27.
Yes No
If you answered “No” to Item Number 27., go to Item Number 29.a.  If you answered “Yes” to Item Number 27., select the statement below (either Item Number
28.a. or 28.b.) that most accurately describes your current situation.
NOTE:  You may be eligible for a provisional unlawful presence waiver. Provide a copy of the administrative closure order.  Also, if U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) approves your provisional unlawful presence waiver, it is important that you resolve your removal, exclusion, or deportation proceedings before you depart the United States for your immigrant visa interview. 28.a.
I am in removal, exclusion, or deportation proceedings that are administratively closed and, at the time of filing my Form I-601A, have not been placed back on EOIR's calendar to continue my removal, exclusion, or deportation proceedings.
San Marcos
EWI - Entered Without Inspection / No Lawful Status
Barrios Barragan
Page 3 of 9 Form I-601A   10/20/19   28.b. I am currently in removal, exclusion, or deportation
proceedings that are not administratively closed, or in removal, exclusion, or deportation proceedings that were administratively closed, but EOIR has placed my proceedings back on its calendar in order to continue them.Part 1.  Information About You (continued)
NOTE:  You are ineligible for a provisional unlawful presence waiver unless your proceedings are administratively closed at the time you file your Form I-601A, and the proceedings have not been put back on EOIR's calendar to continue your removal, exclusion, or deportation after having been previously administratively closed.
29.b.Are you currently subject to a final order of removal,
exclusion or deportation?  (This includes an order entered in proceedings under INA section 239, an exclusion or deportation order entered in proceedings initiated before April 1, 1997, a Visa Waiver Program removal order
under INA section 217, an expedited removal order
INA section 235, and a judicial order under INA section
238(c))? Yes    No
NOTE:  If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 29.a., you are ineligible for a provisional unlawful presence waiver unless you applied for, and USCIS has already approved, an application for permission to reapply for admission under INA section 212(a)(9)(A)(iii) and 8 CFR 212.2 on Form I-212, Application for Permission to Reapply for Admission into the United States after Deportation or Removal.  If you have already applied for and if USCIS has already granted you permission to reapply for admission, provide the relevant information in Item Number 29.b.  If you answered "No" to Item Number 29.a., go to Item Number 31.
USCIS Receipt Number for Your Approved Form I-212:
NOTE:  You may also provide a copy of the approval
notice that USCIS sent to you when it approved your Form I-212.If you were granted voluntary departure in the past, but then you withdrew your voluntary departure request or otherwise terminated voluntary departure you should not select "Yes" to Item Number 31.  In this case you may be in removal proceedings or you may be the subject of a final order of removal, deportation, or exclusion.  You should select the statements that apply to you in Item
Numbers 27. - 28.b. or Item Number 29.a.  If you filed a motion to withdraw your voluntary departure request, please submit a copy with your Form I-601A.
Answer Item Numbers 32. - 38.  If you answer "Yes" to any question in Item Numbers 32. - 38., your application for a
provisional unlawful presence waiver may be denied as a matter of discretion.  For each "Yes" response for Item Numbers 32. - 38., provide the location and date of the event and a brief description in Part 9. Additional Information.  For Item
Number 34., if you were arrested but not charged with any crime or offense, provide a statement or other documentation from the arresting authority, prosecutor's office, or court to show that you were not charged with any crime or offense.  If you answer "Yes" to Item Number 35., you must provide all related court dispositions.
Have you EVER knowingly and willfully given false or misleading information to a U.S. Government official while applying for an immigration benefit or to gain entry or admission into the United States?32.
Have you EVER been engaged in alien smuggling? 33.
Yes    No
Yes    No
Have you EVER been arrested, cited, or detained by a law enforcement officer (including immigration and military officers) in the United States, your home country, and/or any other country for any reason other than traffic violations?
Yes    No34.
Have you EVER  trafficked in or are you NOW  trafficking
in any controlled substance?Have you EVER been charged, indicted, convicted, imprisoned, or jailed in the United States, your home country, and/or any other country for any crime or offense?
Yes    No
36.30.a. Has DHS served you with a DHS Form I-871, giving you
notice that DHS intends to reinstate a prior deportation, exclusion, or removal order against you as permitted under INA section 241(a)(5)?
No Yes    No
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 30.a., has DHS served you with a final decision reinstating a prior deportation, exclusion, or removal order under INA section 241(a)(5)?31. Are you currently subject to a grant of voluntary departure that has not expired and that was granted to you by the immigration judge or the Board of Immigration Appeals during removal, exclusion, or deportation proceedings?
Yes    No
NOTE:  If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 31., you are ineligible for a provisional unlawful presence waiver.
Page 4 of 9 Form I-601A   10/20/19   Part 1.  Information About You (continued)
Are you NOW  or have you EVER  been engaged in
Yes    No
No38.37. Are you NOW  or have you EVER  knowingly assisted,
abetted, conspired, or colluded with others in the unlawful
trafficking of any controlled substance?
Answer Item Numbers 39.a. - 45.   If you answer "Yes" to any
question in Item Numbers 39.a. - 45. , your application for a
provisional unlawful presence waiver may be denied as a
matter of discretion.  For each "Yes" response for Item
Numbers 39.a. - 45. , provide a complete explanation in
Part 9. Additional Information .
Yes No Acts involving torture or genocide? 39.a.Have you EVER  ordered, incited, called for, committed, assisted,
helped with, or otherwise participated in any of the following:
39.b. Killing any person? No Yes
Limiting or denying any person's ability to exercise
religious beliefs?Yes
Yes No39.e.Engaging in any kind of sexual contact or relations with any person who was being forced or threatened?
No YesNoIntentionally and severely injuring any person? 39.c.
40.a. Served in, been a member of, assisted in, or participated
in any military unit, paramilitary unit, police unit, self-defense unit, vigilante unit, rebel group, guerilla group, militia, or insurgent organization?
No YesHave you EVER:
Served in any prison, jail, prison camp, detention facility, labor camp, or any other situation that involved detaining persons?
Yes No40.b.
Have you EVER been a member of, assisted in, or participated in any group, unit, or organization of any kind in which you or other persons used any type of weapon against any person or threatened to do so?
Yes No41.Have you EVER received any type of military, paramilitary, or weapons training?
Have you EVER used any person under 15 years of age to take part in hostilities, or to help or provide services to people in combat?
Yes No45.No YesHave you EVER recruited, enlisted, conscripted, or used any person under 15 years of age to serve in or help an armed force or group?Yes No43.
Part 2.  Biographic Information
Not Hispanic or LatinoHispanic or LatinoEthnicity (Select only one box)
Hair Color (Select only one box) 6.Height
4. Weight Feet Inches 3.
PoundsRace (Select all applicable boxes)
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific IslanderAmerican Indian or Alaska NativeWhite
Black or African American
Black Brown
Maroon PinkHazel GrayBlue5. Eye Color (Select only one box)
Brown Red
White Unknown/
OtherSandyGrayBlond Bald (No hair)42. Have you EVER assisted or participated in selling or providing weapons to any person who to your knowledge used them against another person, or in transporting weapons to any person who to your knowledge used them against another person?
No Yes
Page 5 of 9 Form I-601A   10/20/19   Part 3.  Information About Your Immigrant
Visa Case
2.a.Provide the basis on which you are immigrating to the United
States using the check boxes below.  (Select only one  box)
Diversity Visa Program Selectee or Derivative
Immediate Relative Petition (Form I-130)
Employment-Based Petition (Form I-140), including
Special Immigrant/Widow Petition (Form I-360),
including DerivativesPreference-Based Family Petition (Form I-130), including Derivatives
If you selected Item Number 1.a. because you are a Diversity
Visa (DV) Program selectee or derivative, provide information about your (or your spouse's or parent's) DV case:
DOS DV Case Number (KCC Case Number)
DV Program Selectee's Full Name (If you are a derivative and your parent or spouse is the DV Program Selectee)
2.b. Family Name
(Last Name)
2.c. Given Name (First Name)
2.d. Middle Name
3.b.If you selected Item Numbers 1.b., 1.c., 1.d., or 1.e. provide
the following information about the approved immigrant visa
petition (Form I-130, Form I-140, or Form I-360) that was filed on your (or your spouse's or parent's) behalf, or that you used to self-petition on your behalf, that is your basis to immigrate and the related Department of State (DOS) immigrant visa application.
►USCIS Receipt Number
►DOS Consular Case Number (NVC Case Number)
Petitioner Name  (Provide the full name of the family member or
the company who petitioned for you (or your spouse or parent).)
3.c. Family Name
(Last Name)
3.d. Given Name (First Name)
3.e. Middle Name
Company or Organization Name 3.f.Part 4.  Information About Your Qualifying
Provide the following information about the qualifying relative (the U.S. citizen or Lawful Permanent Resident (LPR) spouse or parent) who would experience extreme hardship if you were refused admission to the United States.
1.a. Family Name
(Last Name)
1.b. Given Name (First Name)
1.c. Middle Name
LPR ParentLPR Spouse
2.d.2.c.2.b.U.S. Citizen Spouse
U.S. Citizen ParentYour Qualifying Relative's Full Name and
Relationship to You
Do you have more than one qualifying relative (U.S. citizen
or LPR spouse or parent)? Yes    No
If you answered "Yes" to Item Number 3. , provide the
other qualifying relative's name and your relationship to
the qualifying relative in Item Numbers 4.a. - 5.d.
Also provide evidence of the U.S. citizenship or LPR
status of the other qualifying relative with your
application.  See the What Evidence Must I Submit
With Form I-601A  section of the Instructions.3.Your Other Qualifying Relative
4.a. Family Name
(Last Name)
4.b. Given Name (First Name)
4.c. Middle NameAdditional Qualifying Relative's Full Name and
Relationship to You
LPR ParentLPR SpouseU.S. Citizen Spouse
U.S. Citizen Parent
Page 6 of 9 Form I-601A   10/20/19   Part 5.  Statement From Applicant
In the space provided, explain in detail why you believe USCIS
should approve your application for a provisional unlawful
presence waiver as a matter of discretion.  Provide all of the
reasons you believe support your application for this waiver,
including information about the extreme hardship your
qualifying relatives would experience if you were refused
admission to the United States.  If you need extra space to
complete your statement, use the space provided in Part 9.
Additional Information .Part 6.  Applicant's Statement, Contact
Information, Declaration, Certification, and Signature
I can read and understand English, and I have read and understand every question and instruction on this application and my answer to every question.
The interpreter named in Part 7. read to me every
question and instruction on this application and my answer to every question in1.a.
a language in which I am fluent, and I understood everything. ,NOTE:  Read the Penalties section of the Form I-601A
Instructions before completing this section.  You must file Form I-601A while in the United States.
NOTE:  Select the box for either Item Number 1.a. or 1.b.  If
applicable, select the box for Item Number 2.Applicant's Statement
,2. At my request, the preparer named in Part 8.,
prepared this application for me based only upon
information I provided or authorized.
5. Applicant's Email Address (if any)3. Applicant's Daytime Telephone NumberApplicant's Contact Information
Applicant's Mobile Telephone Number (if any) 4.
Applicant's Declaration and Certification
Copies of any documents I have submitted are exact photocopies
of unaltered, original documents, and I understand that USCIS
may require that I submit original documents to USCIS at a later
date.  Furthermore, I authorize the release of any information
from any and all of my records that USCIS may need to
determine my eligibility for the immigration benefit that I seek.
I furthermore authorize release of information contained in this application, in supporting documents, and in my USCIS records, to other entities and persons where necessary for the administration and enforcement of U.S. immigration laws.
ALEXANDER ARANDIA
See, attorney's brief, and applicant's and
qualifying relative's affidavits, annexed.
Page 7 of 9 Form I-601A   10/20/19   Part 7.  Interpreter's Contact Information,
Certification, and Signature
Interpreter's Given Name (First Name) 1.b.Interpreter's Family Name (Last Name) 1.a.
Interpreter's Business or Organization Name (if any) 2.Interpreter's Full NameProvide the following information about the interpreter.Interpreter's Mailing Address
3.c. City or TownStreet Number
and Name3.a.
3.b. Ste. Flr. Apt.
3.h.3.d. State 3.e. ZIP Code
3.f. Province
Country 3.g. Postal Code
Interpreter's Contact Information
Interpreter's Mobile Telephone Number (if any) 5.Interpreter's Daytime Telephone Number
Interpreter's Email Address (if any) 6.I certify, under penalty of perjury, that all of the information in
my application and any document submitted with it were provided or authorized by me, that I reviewed and understand all of the information contained in, and submitted with, my application and that all of this information is complete, true, and correct.1) I reviewed and understood all of the information
contained in, and submitted with, my application; and
2)  All of this information was complete, true, and correct
at the time of filing.
Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy) 6.b.Applicant's Signature 6.a.Applicant's Signature
NOTE TO ALL APPLICANTS:   If you do not completely fill
out this application or fail to submit required documents listed in the Instructions, USCIS may deny your application.Part 6.  Applicant's Statement, Contact Information, Declaration, Certification, and Signature (continued)
Interpreter's Certification
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that:
I am fluent in English and    ,
which is the same language specified in Part 6., Item Number
1.b., and I have read to this applicant in the identified language every question and instruction on this application and his or her answer to every question.  The applicant informed me that he or she understands every instruction, question, and answer on the application, including the Applicant's Declaration and
Certification , and has verified the accuracy of every answer.
Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy) 7.b.Interpreter's Signature 7.a.Interpreter's SignatureI understand that USCIS will require me to appear for an appointment to take my biometrics (fingerprints, photograph, and/or signature) and, at that time, I will be required to sign an oath reaffirming that:
Page 8 of 9 Form I-601A   10/20/19   Preparer's Statement
I am not an attorney or accredited representative but
have prepared this application on behalf of the applicant and with the applicant's consent.7.a.
7.b. I am an attorney or accredited representative and my
representation of the applicant in this case extends/does not extend  beyond the preparation of this
NOTE:  If you are an attorney or accredited
representative, you may need to submit a completed
Form G-28, Notice of Entry of Appearance as
Attorney or Accredited Representative, with this
By my signature, I certify, under penalty of perjury, that I
prepared this application at the request of the applicant.  The
applicant then reviewed this completed application and informed
me that he or she understands all of the information contained
in, and submitted with, his or her application, including the
Applicant's Declaration and Certification , and that all of this
information is complete, true, and correct.  I completed this
application based only on information that the applicant
provided to me or authorized me to obtain or use.Preparer's Certification
8.a. Preparer's Signature
8.b. Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)Preparer's SignaturePart 8.  Contact Information, Declaration, and
Signature of the Person Preparing this Application, if Other Than the Applicant
Preparer's Business or Organization Name (if any) 2.Preparer's Full Name
1.a. Preparer's Family Name (Last Name)
Preparer's Given Name (First Name) 1.b.Provide the following information about the preparer.
Preparer's Mailing Address
3.c. City or TownStreet Number
and Name3.a.
3.b. Ste. Flr. Apt.
3.h.3.d. State 3.e. ZIP Code
3.f. Province
Country 3.g. Postal Code
Preparer's Contact Information
4. Preparer's Daytime Telephone Number
5. Preparer's Mobile Telephone Number (if any)
6. Preparer's Email Address (if any)
ARANDIA LAWFIRM
KEW GARDENS
8002 KEW GARDENS RD
United States
Page 9 of 9 Form I-601A   10/20/19   Part 9.  Additional Information
3.d.If you need extra space to provide any additional information
within this application, use the space below.  If you need more space than what is provided, you may make copies of this page to complete and file with this application or attach a separate sheet of paper.  Type or print your name and A-Number (if any) at the top of each sheet; indicate the Page Number, Part
Number, and Item Number to which your answer refers; and sign and date each sheet.
1.a. Family Name
(Last Name)
1.b. Given Name (First Name)
1.c. Middle Name
3.a. 3.b. 3.c. Page Number Part Number Item Number►A- A-Number (if any) 2.
4.d.4.a. 4.b. 4.c. Page Number Part Number Item Number5.d.5.a. 5.b. 5.c. Page Number Part Number Item Number
6.d.6.a. 6.b. 6.c. Page Number Part Number Item Number
7.d.7.a. 7.b. 7.c. Page Number Part Number Item Number
Villatoro Barrios