Document: b1fe8831-e68a-4a9c-af59-ec66d6be6792_G-28 (83).pdf
Processed: 2025-05-27 05:07:06
==================================================

Address of Attorney or Accredited Representative
Form G-28   09/17/181.
7.Name of Attorney or Accredited Representative
Contact Information of Attorney or Accredited
6.Part 1.  Information About Attorney or
Accredited Representative
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)
and Name
Daytime Telephone Number
Mobile Telephone Number (if any)
Email Address (if any)
Fax Number (if any)Apt. Ste.
3.e.Flr.Notice of Entry of Appearance
Select all applicable  items.
Bar Number (if applicable)
4.b.Part 2.  Eligibility Information for Attorney or
Accredited Representative
subject to any order suspending, enjoining, restraining,
disbarring, or otherwise restricting me in the practice of
law.  If you are subject to any orders, use the spaceLicensing Authority
the attorney or accredited representative of record
who previously filed Form G-28 in this case, and my
appearance as an attorney or accredited representative
for a limited purpose is at his or her request.
direct supervision of the attorney or accredited
representative of record on this form in accordance
with the requirements in 8 CFR 292.1(a)(2).member in good standing of, the bar of the highest
courts of the following states, possessions, territories,
commonwealths, or the District of Columbia.  If you
need extra space to complete this section, use the
space provided in Part 6. Additional Information.
qualified nonprofit religious, charitable, social
service, or similar organization established in the
United States and recognized by the Department of
Justice in accordance with 8 CFR part 1292.I am an attorney eligible to practice law in, and a
I am an accredited representative of the following
I am associated with
I am a law student or law graduate working under theam notOMB No. 1615-0105
Expires 05/31/2021
amForm G-28DHS
Page 1 of 4,United States
KEW GARDENS
1141580-02 KEW GARDENS RD
ARANDIA LAW FIRMX
XDepartment of Homeland Securityas Attorney or Accredited Representative
Family Name
(Last Name)
Given Name
(First Name)
Middle Name
Street Number
City or Town
State ZIP Code
Postal Code
Name of Law Firm or Organization (if applicable)
Name of Recognized Organization
Date of Accreditation (mm/dd/yyyy)
Name of Law Student or Law GraduateI (select only one  box)
provided in Part 6. Additional Information  to provide
an explanation.
Form G-28   09/17/18If you need extra space to complete this section, use the space
provided in Part 6. Additional Information.
This appearance relates to immigration matters before
(select only one  box):
List the form numbers or specific matter in which
appearance is entered.
List the specific matter in which appearance is entered.
List the specific matter in which appearance is entered.
Middle Name
Title of Authorized Signatory for Entity (if applicable)
9.Part 3.  Notice of Appearance as Attorney or
Accredited Representative
Information About Client (Applicant, Petitioner,
Requestor, Beneficiary or Derivative, Respondent,
or Authorized Signatory for an Entity)I enter my appearance as an attorney or accredited
representative at the request of the (select only one  box):Receipt Number (if any)
Client's USCIS Online Account Number (if any)
Client's Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any)U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS)
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE)
U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP)
Respondent (ICE, CBP)Requestor10.
NOTE:   Provide the client's mailing address. Do not  provide
the business mailing address of the attorney or accredited
representative unless  it serves as the safe mailing address on the
application or petition being filed with this Form G-28.
I have requested the representation of and consented to being
represented by the attorney or accredited representative named
inPart 1.  of this form.  According to the Privacy Act of 1974
and U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) policy, I
also consent to the disclosure to the named attorney or
accredited representative of any records pertaining to me that
appear in any system of records of USCIS, ICE, or CBP.11.
Mailing Address of Client
Part 4.  Client's Consent to Representation and
Consent to Representation and Release of
InformationClient's Contact Information
and Name
Apt. Ste.
Page 2 of 4I-485, I-765X
BREA ORTIZ
United StatesNY1960 Williamsbridge Rd
10461Daytime Telephone Number
Mobile Telephone Number (if any)
Email Address (if any)
Street Number
City or Town
State ZIP Code
Postal Code
7.b.Name of Entity (if applicable)6.c.Given Name
(First Name)Family Name
(Last Name)3.b.2.b.1.b.
Form G-28   09/17/18USCIS will send notices to both a represented party (the client)
and his, her, or its attorney or accredited representative either
through mail or electronic delivery.  USCIS will send all secure
If you want to have notices and/or secure identity documents
sent to your attorney or accredited representative of record rather
than to you, please select all applicable  items below. You may
change these elections through written notice to USCIS.
2.b.Part 4.  Client's Consent to Representation and
Signature (continued)
Options Regarding Receipt of USCIS Notices and
EntitySignature of Client or Authorized Signatory for anI request that USCIS send original notices on an
document (Permanent Resident Card, Employment
Authorization Document, or Travel Document) that I
receive to the U.S. business address of my attorney or
accredited representative (or to a designated military
or diplomatic address in a foreign country (if
permitted)).application or petition to the business address of my
attorney or accredited representative as listed in this
I request that USCIS send any secure identity
NOTE:   If your notice contains Form I-94,
Arrival-Departure Record, USCIS will send the
notice to the U.S. business address of your attorney
or accredited representative.  If you would rather
have your Form I-94 sent directly to you, select
Item Number 1.c.
I-94 to me at my U.S. mailing address.I request that USCIS send my notice containing FormI have read and understand the regulations and conditions
contained in 8 CFR 103.2 and 292 governing appearances and
representation before DHS.  I declare under penalty of perjury
under the laws of the United States that the information I have
provided on this form is true and correct.
2.b.1. a.
1.b.Part 5.  Signature of Attorney or Accredited
Page 3 of 4X
Xidentity documents and Travel Documents to the client's U.S.
mailing address.
Signature of Client or Authorized Signatory for an Entity
Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)Signature of Law Student or Law GraduateDate of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)Signature of Attorney or Accredited Representative
Form G-28   09/17/18If you need extra space to provide any additional information
within this form, use the space below.  If you need more space
than what is provided, you may make copies of this page to
complete and file with this form or attach a separate sheet of
paper.  Type or print your name at the top of each sheet;
indicate the Page Number ,Part Number , and Item Number
to which your answer refers; and sign and date each sheet.
3.d.1.c.Part 6.  Additional Information
Page 4 of 4BREA ORTIZ
DANIELPart Number 4.b. 4.a. Page Number Item Number
Family Name
(Last Name)
Given Name
(First Name)
Middle Name
Part Number Page Number 2.b. Item Number
3.b. Part Number Page Number Item Number
Part Number Page Number 6.b. Item NumberPart Number 5.a. Page Number Item Number