Document: b2f447c4-2475-4dda-8323-ca56c685fb9d_EIDIE Villatoro-601A BRIEF draft 2.pdf
Processed: 2025-05-27 04:52:55
==================================================

1	 ALEXANDER ARANDIA, ESQ ATTORNEY AT LAW 80-02 Kew Gardens Road, Suite 702 Kew Gardens, NY 11415 Tel: 212-586-0500 Fax: 718-575-5177 email: alexarandiaesq@hotmail.com   VIA CERTIFIED MAIL USCIS P.O. Box 4599 Chicago, IL 60689  Re: I-601A Provisional Unlawful Presence Waiver under Immigration and Nationality Act Section 212 (a)(9)(B) and 8 CFR 212.7(e) for: Applicant Mr. Eidie Onelio Villatoro Barios (“Applicant”) – NVC Case No. GTM2011618011.   MEMORANDUM OF LAW IN SUPPORT OF GRANT OF I-601A PROVISIONAL WAIVER FOR UNLAWFUL PRESENCE  Dear Sir or Madam: The present applicant, Mr. Eidie Onelio Villatoro Barios (hereinafter, “Mr. E. Villatoro” or “Applicant”), submits, through the undersigned counsel (G-28, annexed), the following Memorandum of Law in support of Mr. E. Villatoro’s enclosed application for an I-601A Provisional Waiver of Unlawful Presence.   BACKGROUND INFORMATION  On July 29, 2016, the United States Department of Homeland Security announced that certain individuals who are immediate relatives of United States Citizens or Legal Permanent Residents (spouses, children between ages 17 and 21, or a parent of a U.S.  Citizen child over age 21) but are unable to apply for adjustment of status within in the United States (because they
2	 entered the United States without inspection and would be subject to a 3- or 10-year bar for unlawful presence if they departed the United States for immigrant visa consular processing), can submit a Form I-601A Application for a “Provisional Waiver of Unlawful Presence” prior to departure from the United States for consular processing. The I-601A waiver is available only to an individual whose sole basis of inadmissibility to the United States would be the 3- or 10-year bar for unlawful presence if they departed the United States. Under the provisions of the provisional waiver regulations, eligible immigrants can now wait in the United States with their U.S.  Citizen family members until the intending immigrant’s provisional waiver is approved, and if approved depart the United States for their consular interviews with a conditional waiver of inadmissibility. Applicants for the provisional waiver must, however, prove the following to be eligible for the I-601A provisional waiver: 1. Be married to a U.S. citizen or legal permanent resident spouse, or, for certain applicants between 17 and 21 years of age, have a U.S. Citizen or legal permanent resident parent; 2. Have an approved I-130 family-based petition, an approved I-360 Self-Petition, an approved I-140 Petition for Alien Worker, or be a participant or beneficiary of the Diversity Visa Program; 3. Be present in the U.S. at the time of filing the application for the waiver; 4. Prove extreme hardship to his or her U.S. Citizen or Legal Permanent Resident spouse or parent.    I. STATEMENT OF FACTS  Applicant Mr. E. Villatoro is a native and citizen of Guatemala, born July 16, 1979 in Aldea El Guapinol, El Tumbado, San Marcos, Guatemala; he is presently (41) forty-one years old. Id.  [See I-601A Application for Provisional Waiver of Unlawful Presence, Ex. A, annexed.] He has no criminal history.
3	 Mr. E. Villatoro entered the United States in 2009 across the Mexico-Texas border, without inspection, when he was 30 years old. Mr. E. Villatoro has maintained continuous residence in the United States for more than 11 years and currently resides at 1182 West Farm Road, No. 33, Bronx, New York 10459, with his father and a younger brother.  Mr. E. Villatoro’s father, Anibal Villatoro Perez (hereinafter, “Mr. Perez” or “Petitioner”) and Qualifying Relative (QR) for this I-601A petition, is a naturalized citizen of the United States of America, admitted in the US District Court of the Southern District of New York, NY on May 11, 2007.  Mr. Perez, as well as his five children, including Mr. E. Villatoro, this petition’s Applicant, was born in San Marcos, Guatemala. Mr. Perez immigrated to the US in 1990 in search of work to better support his children, all of whom, at that time, remained in San Marcos, Guatemala with their mother, Auda Barrios Barragan.  However, it should be noted that Mr. Perez fled Guatemala for another reason more prevailing than providing for his family. He fled for his life. Mr. Perez had been working as a police office in Guatemala City since he was nineteen, but his work became more dangerous over the years as military authorities began demanding that any officers who did not comply with any orders to execute non-complying officers would themselves be shot. Mr. Perez could not abide such murderous orders and had to escape the country out of fear of losing his own life.   Mr. E. Villatoro was nine years old at the time his father immigrated to the US. But, as promised, Mr. Perez faithfully sent remittances to his family in Guatemala to sustain them and ensure they finished school, without having to quit before finishing high school as Mr. Perez did to support himself and his eight siblings.  After 27 years of living in the US, Mr. Perez secured his US citizenship. Two years later, in 2009, Mr. E. Villatoro immigrated to the US to join his father. He admits he entered the country
4	 without inspection. The petition process for him to enter the US lawfully was so slow that he decided to risk his life—and access to future lawful entry—to reunite with his father and begin to earn a decent living as soon as possible.   II. QUALIFICATIONS FOR THE I-601A PROVISIONAL WAIVER OF UNLAWFUL PRESENCE  The provisional waiver program currently is available only to immediate relatives (spouses, unmarried children under 21, and parents who are U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents). To qualify, the applicant must be at least 17 years old at the time of filing. The Qualifying Relative (QR) must be a US citizen or legal permanent resident (LPR) spouse or parent. Other determining factors in granting the I-601A include an assessment of extreme hardship, which is dependent upon the facts and circumstances of each case. See, Matter of Chumpitazi, 16 I&N Dec. 629 (BIA 1978); Matter of Hwang, 10 I&N Dec. 468 (BIA 1964); Matter of Pilch, Int. Dec. 3298 (BIA 1996).  USCIS has issued specific guidance defining the term “extreme hardship.”  USCIS has specified that individual adverse factors and hardship should be considered in the aggregate.  Specifically, as a framework for analysis, the “elements required to establish extreme hardship are dependent upon the facts and circumstances peculiar to each case.” See, Matter of Ige, 20 I&N Dec. 880, 882 (BIA 1994). “Relevant factors, though not extreme in themselves, must be considered in the aggregate in determining whether extreme hardship exists.” Id. In each case, the trier of fact must consider the entire range of factors concerning hardship in their totality and determine whether the combination of hardships takes the case beyond those hardships ordinarily associated with deportation, e.g., economic detriment due to loss of a job or efforts ordinarily required in relocating or adjusting to life in the native country. Such ordinary hardships, while not
5	 alone sufficient to constitute extreme hardship, are considered in the assessment of aggregate hardship. It is well settled that additional factors combined with economic detriment establish hardship as “extreme,” including length of time spent in the United States, return to a country where economic and political conditions are difficult, as well as the emotional hardship caused by severing family and community ties.  See, Matter of Cervantez-Gonzales, Int. Dec.   3380 (BIA 1999); Matter of Ige, supra; Mejia-Carrillo v. United States, 656 F.2d 520  (9th Cir. 1981) (relating to consideration of noneconomic hardships resulting from removal); Ravancho v. INS, 658 F.2d 169 (3d Cir.1981) (relating to consideration of psychiatric information); Salameda v. INS, 70 F.3d 447 (7th Cir. 1995) (relating to need to consider separation from community ties); Matter of Piggott, 15 I&N Dec. 129 (BIA 1974) (under physician’s care, and “equal medical care not available”).  III. MR. E. VILLATORO IS ELIGIBLE FOR THE I-601A PROVISIONAL WAIVER OF UNLAWFUL PRESENCE  Mr. E. Villatoro is eligible for the I-601A Provisional Waiver of Unlawful Presence because he meets the main criteria: Mr. E. Villatoro’s father, Mr. Perez, is a naturalized citizen of the United States and, as such, is his Qualifying Relative (QR). Separating Mr. Perez from his elder son would inflict extreme emotional and financial hardship on the family unit, as well as on Mr. Perez individually—eligibility criteria as significant in human terms as having a Qualifying Relative (QR) is in legal terms.  In recent years, the care-giving role of father providing for son has reversed; today, Mr. Perez’s son, Mr. E. Villatoro, takes care of his father. Mr. E. Villatoro is Mr. Perez’s constant companion and provides emotional, physical, and financial support. Mr. Perez is now 65 years old.
6	 Both men are well aware that should Mr. E. Villatoro’s I-601A petition be denied and he were forced to return to Guatemala, Mr. Perez is so dependent upon him for his sustenance and survival that he would have no choice but to relocate to Guatemala with his son.  In the unfortunate event that Mr. E. Villatoro’s I-601A were to be denied, he and his father would be forced to relocate to Guatemala to avoid separating—and destroying—the family unit and familial bonds they have reestablished over the past decade. Both men are well aware that, given employment conditions in Guatemala, full financial responsibility would fall on Mr. Perez’s son’s shoulders because of Mr. Perez’s age and infirmities. Among Mr. Perez’s most concerning infirmities is his fragile mental state.  According to the World Health Organization (WHO), older people are more likely to experience bereavement and a drop in socioeconomic status with a disability, i.e., mental illness, which can result in isolation, loss of independence, loneliness, and psychological distress. Mr. Perez is under such stress from fear of losing his son to deportation and having to return to a country he left nearly 40 years ago, that his daily functioning has been adversely affected, including the inability to eat or sleep, lack of desire in previously pleasurable activities, morbid thoughts, and reduced effectiveness in his work.  After weeks of increasing and alarming symptoms, Mr. E. Villatoro sought psychiatric counseling for his father in an attempt to alleviate his father’s most adverse symptoms and to find coping mechanisms for each of them. As the result of numerous counseling sessions and psychological tests and evaluations at The Psychological & Stress Management Hispanic Family Mental Health Center conducted by Jaime H. Cárcamo, Psy.D., and America Calderon, LMHC, NCC, CCMHC, Mr. Perez was diagnosed with Adjustment Disorder with Mixed Anxiety and Depressed Mood (DSM-5, F43.22). [Please see complete Psychological Evaluation, annexed.]
7	 Rather than alleviating Mr. Perez’s symptoms, the counseling sessions alerted Mr. E. Villatoro and Mr. Perez to the heightened risk of suicidal thoughts and behaviors in patients diagnosed with Adjustment, Anxiety, and Depression Disorders. Studies of those disorders have documented that 70 percent of such patients have attempted suicide as a result of triggering events, including the trauma of separation from a loved one and reliving past traumas of previous separations from loved ones. Mr. Perez recounts that when he immigrated to the US, he left his beloved family of five children and a wife because he feared for his life. If he were maimed, or dead, his family would be left to starve. And if he left the police force, he would be unable to take care of them. The only recourse he had to provide for them was to set out from Guatemala to the US on his own. Along the way he joined caravans of migrants, some guided by their coyotes, for the brutal more than 2,500-mile 3-month-long trek, walking up to 10 hours a day, through Guatemala, the entire length of Mexico, and the Arizona Sonoran Desert, where temperatures can reach 120 degrees in the daytime.  The route Mr. Perez followed through the desert to Texas—and that his son followed separately nearly three decades later—has claimed in excess of 9,000 human lives since the mid-nineties, and likely many thousands more who remain unaccounted for. The threats of heatstroke, thirst, hunger, marauding kidnappers and murderers, drug runners, and border patrol are among the hazards Mr. Perez, and years later, his son, faced to flee a country ravaged by poverty, unemployment, and crime.  What drove Mr. Perez in spite of those risks was to better provide for his family; what drove his son was also to provide a better future for himself and reunite with the father he had missed since early childhood.  Today, if you ask Mr. E. Villatoro or Mr. Perez, they will unanimously agree the risks of
8	 immigration were well worth it. They have each worked diligently since they arrived in the US, paid taxes, obeyed the law, built successful lives. Mr. E. Villatoro is an auto mechanic; he loves his work and is pleased it affords him enough to provide a nice lifestyle for his father and himself as well as pay for his father’s medical expenses, their food, and their rent. Today, conditions are even worse in Guatemala than they were in the nineteen-nineties when Mr. Perez immigrated, and in the early 2000’s when his son immigrated. Compounding the sad mix of poverty, crime, and unemployment is disease: COVID 19. The fear of COVID 19 cannot be downplayed in any circumstance. In Central America, the situation is even more dire than in the US. The CDC issued recent statements that all travelers should avoid any travel to Guatemala. Of the four levels of COVID 19 infection rates, from 1: Low to 4: Very High, Guatemalan rates are 4: Very High. As of March 17, 2021, according to the CDC, the reported rate of infections is over 40 percent of the peak (July 2020) and rising, with 949 new infections reported on average each day for the previous seven days, with a 7-day average of 649. Since the pandemic began, there have been 6,619 deaths (to March, 2021) and 185,000 total cases of the corona virus in Guatemala. Poverty rates in Guatemala cannot be downplayed, either. The country is the most populous in Central America, with a population of 17.2 million. Yet, according to the World Bank, 59 percent of the population lives below the poverty line, meaning they live on less than USD 5, and 13 percent of the population lives in extreme poverty, or they live on less than USD 1.90. The Borgen Project reports that Guatemala has the second highest poverty rate in all of The Americas, though it has the largest economy of Central America. That simple fact translates to the simple equation that the distribution of wealth in Guatemala is, at best, inequitable. Imagine a senior-aged man and his grown son arriving suddenly in Guatemala with few resources, little remaining family, no social or employment network, and no jobs. Their prospects
9	 for creating a life outside of impoverishment are grim. Their chances of joining the more than half the population that lives in poverty are great. Crime rates in Guatemala are grim as well. The most recent data (year-end 2020) from The World Bank notes that when compared to the United States, Guatemala had the highest crime rate of any other country, with 51 percent more crimes, from homicide to drug trafficking to robberies, than the US, which ranked thirtieth worldwide. Now imagine how Mr. E. Villatoro and his father, Mr. Perez, can weigh their options in terms of Mr. E. Villatoro’s uncertain immigration status. Each of them has two. Option one: If Mr. E. Villatoro’s I-601A application is denied and his father accompanies him back to Guatemala, both men could give up their lives in the US, including Mr. E. Villatoro giving up his auto mechanic career, and both of them giving up their extended family (Mr. E. Villatoro’s brother and Mr. Perez’s other son), their social network, home and possessions, along with access to the medical resources necessary to treat Mr. Perez’s depression and anxiety.  Or option two: Mr. Perez, could remain in New York, without his son, and try to bear the heartache of being separated from a son he loves, and the man who supports him emotionally and financially. Mr. Perez risked his life and sacrificed his family in Guatemala in search of opportunities to provide for them by immigrating to the US. Mr. E. Villatoro sacrificed all that was familiar to forge a future and a relationship with his father, a man he barely remembered. Now that they each have achieved both, it is unconscionable to ask Mr. Perez’s son to give up what he has hard-earned and return to Guatemala. Yet, it is the profound love of a child for a parent that prevents Mr. E. Villtoro from asking his father to give up at this late date in Mr. Perez’s life what he sought over 40 years ago out of the need to save his life in order to provide for his wife and children.  Sometimes reason prevails and, because it does, Mr. Perez and Mr. E. Villatoro talk late
10	 into the night about the emotional ramifications of the choices they face. Can either of them sacrifice the father-son relationship they reestablished after 27 years and have sustained for the past 11 should Mr. E. Villatoro be denied his I-601A application? Can either of them give up the life they have built together in the US, including their careers, their extended families, their social network, and all they know and enjoy in order to remain together, albeit in a third-world dangerous country? What kind of choice is either of those? The point is that neither choice is any kind of tolerable choice at all. The only thing the father and son now know for certain is that they must not be separated.  Both Mr. Perez and Mr. E. Villatoro risked their lives in making the journey from Guatemala, through Mexico, to finally enter the US. Even as a young man, Mr. E. Villatoro promised himself if he made it to the US alive, he would do everything in his power to ensure he was a good “citizen” of his new country—just as his father had made that same vow 27 years earlier. Both men have fulfilled that promise. Both men are honest and hardworking; both pay their taxes. Mr. E. Villatoro takes care of his father, and his own financial responsibilities; he does not, nor has his father, ever availed themselves of social services. Mr. E. Villatoro has done everything exactly right—except, in the eyes of the USCIS, become a naturalized citizen like his father.  Mr. E. Villatoro’s next goal, if his I-601A application is approved, is to become an official, legal, US citizen. The US has provided Mr. E. Villtoro the opportunity it has promised immigrants since the Declaration of Independence was signed, and that the US Constitution has since upheld: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. To leave the US and relocate to Guatemala, in the face of the very real fears that surround such a move to a dangerous country, is too much for any family to bear. It is even more unbearable for Mr. Perez whose emotional and financial well-being are at risk.
11	 The Board of Immigration Appeals (BIA) in Matter of Cervantes-Gonzalez (1999) lists the factors it considers relevant in determining whether an applicant has established extreme hardship. These include family members who are U.S. Citizens or Legal Permanent Residents living in the U.S., the conditions in the immigrant's home country, as well as health conditions suffered by qualifying U.S.-citizen family members and the availability of medical care in the immigrant's home country.  The factors determining extreme emotional and financial hardship in the case of Mr. Eidie Onelia Villatoro Barias and his US-citizen father, Mr. Anibal Villatoro Perez, have been delineated in their loving and mutually caring relationship, their desire to remain together after decades apart after Mr. Perez immigrated to the US, Mr. Perez’s precarious mental health, and that Mr. E. Villatoro is his father’s anchor, nurturer, caretaker, and main financial support.  If Mr. E. Villatoro’s application is denied and if he and his father were forced to relocate to Guatemala, the end result would be nothing short of destitution. A loving, hard-working, tax-paying, stable family would be forced to leave their home and careers—negating the very reason Mr. Perez immigrated to the US as a young father, and Mr. E. Villatoro followed in his father’s footsteps: to reestablish a family and a home. After more than 11 years of life in the US, the threat of removing Mr. E. Villatoro from all he has achieved and thereby forcing his father to also give up his life in the US, would be a travesty. To use another word, it would be inhumane.  Even the strongest individual would collapse in the face of the anticipated loss of a family member, especially a beloved and loving father and son. Neither Mr. Perez nor Mr. E. Villatoro is an exception. The increase in the severity of Mr. Perez’s mental health condition is the obvious result of the effect of the family’s stress and fears over the possibility of leaving everything they cherish of life in the US. Such an outcome would be devastating to the father-son bond.
12	 Sacrificing the emotional and financial well being of a good and loving family is an unconscionably high price to ask of a man who risked his life to make his family whole again.    CONCLUSION  Given Mr. Perez’s psychological issues and his financial and emotional dependence on his son, Mr. E. Villatoro, both of which would be further exacerbated by separation from his son or relocation with him to Guatemala, we respectfully request that the I-601A Provisional Waiver of Unlawful Presence be approved for Applicant Mr. Eidie Onelia Villatoro Barios. If there are any questions about this application or additional documentation may be required, please do not hesitate to contact this office. We may be reached by the phone number or email listed below. Please address a copy of any correspondence in this case to this office at the address below.  Thank you for your consideration in this matter.  Sincerely,      Alexander Arandia, Esq. Phone: 212-586-0500 email: alexarandiaesq@hotmail.com