Document: b5994fae-02f9-4ef1-a38d-2d1336db98f5_528267_MEXICO-2023-HUMAN-RIGHTS-REPORT.pdf
Processed: 2025-05-27 04:59:57
==================================================

Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 202 3
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Mexico 2023 Human Rights Report
Executive  Summary
There were no significant changes  in the human rights situation in Mexico
during the year.
Significant human rights issues included credible reports of:  unlawful or
arbitrary killings , including extrajudicial killings ; enforced disappearance;
torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment by
security forces; harsh and life -threatening prison conditions; arbitrary arrest
or detention; serious problems with the independence of the judiciary;
serious restrictions on free dom of  expression and media  freed om, including
violence against journalists  and enforcement of or threat to enfor ce criminal
libel laws to limit expression ; serious government corruption; extensive
gender -based violence,  including domestic or intimate partner violence ,
sexual violence, workplace violence, child, early, and forced marriage,
femicide, and other forms of such violence ; crimes involving violence or
threats of violence targeting lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, or intersex persons; crimes involving violence or threats of violence targeting
persons with disabilities ; and  significant or systematic restrictions on
workers’ freedom of association , including  crimes of violence and
intimidation against workers .
Page 2 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  The government generally took  credible steps to identify and punish officials
who may have committed human rights abuses .
Criminal elements, including local and transnational gangs and narcotics
traffickers, were significant perpetrators of violent crimes and committed
acts of homicide , torture , kidnapping, extortion, human trafficking, bribery,
intimidation, and other threats, resulting in high levels of violence and
exploitation.  The government investigated and prosecuted some of these
crimes, but the majority remained uninvestigated and unpr osecuted.
Section 1. Respect for the Integrity of the Person
a. Arbitrary Deprivation of Life and Other Unlawful or
Politically Motivated Killings
There were several reports that government entities or their agents
committed arbitrary or unlawful killings, including extrajudicial killings,
during the year .
On February 26, members of the Secretariat of National Defense’s (SEDENA)
16th Motorized Calvary Regiment shot at  a vehicle in Nuevo Laredo,
Tamaulipas , killing five civilians  and wounding  one other .  On April 10, a
civilian federal judge ordered the detention of four SEDENA soldiers on
charges of attempted homicide  in the incident .  Additional SEDENA soldiers
could face lesser charges for not preventing the incident.
Page 3 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  On June 6, a media outlet published an article and video in which soldiers
appeared to commit extrajudicial killings of five civilians in Nuevo Laredo on
May 18.  According to sources, the civilians, who were members of the
transnational criminal organization Cartel del Noreste , shot at the soldiers in
a vehicle chase.  SEDENA confirmed the soldiers were members of the 3rd
Special Forces Section .  Sixteen soldiers, including the commanding officer,
were confined in a military prison while military and civilian judicial
authorities conduct ed investigations.
On March 18, authorities found the body of  Jose Portillo Gil “El Chueco ,”
who  had been shot and killed in Sinaloa .  Portillo Gil allegedly killed  two
Jesuit priests and a tour guide in Cerocahui, Chihuahua  State , in June 2022.
As of October, authorities had not arrested the individuals who killed Portillo
Gil, and the investigation continued.
The Mexican Center for Environmental Law 2022 report noted a rise in
violence against environmental defenders, who were victims of intimidation,
kidnapping, and homicide .  In April , attackers  kidnapped and killed
environmental defender , activist,  and legal representative Naua don
Eustasio Alcalá in Michoacán  State .  Alcalá had advocated against mining
exploitation in his community San Juan Huitzontla, Michoacán , without prior
consultation.  The community previously obtained a favorable ruling that suspended mining concessions in 2022.
On October 25, a judge sentenced 11 security officials to 50 years in prison
Page 4 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  for the killing  of 19 persons , many of whom were migrants, in Camargo ,
Tamaulipas  State , in 2021.  The officers were found guilty of aggravated
homicide, abuse of authority, and committing crimes while performing
administrative duties.
b. Disappearance
There were reports of numerous enforced disappearance s by criminal
groups, sometimes with allegations of collusion with authorities.
Investigations, prosecutions, and convictions of enforced disappearance
crimes were rare.  Enforced disappearance was a persistent problem
throughout the country, especially in areas with high levels of cartel-  or
gang -related violence.
Federal and state databases tracking enforced disappearances were
incomplete and had data -sharing problems; forensic systems were highly
fragmented among  the local, state, and federal levels ; and the volume of
unsolved cases was far greater than the forensic systems were capable of handling.  In its data collection, the government often merged statistics on
forcibly disappeared persons with missing persons not suspected of being
victims of enforced disappearance , making it difficult to compile accurate
statistics on the extent of the problem.
On August 24, the Interior Secretariat’s National Commission for the Search
of Persons published the official registry of victims of enforced
Page 5 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  disappearance , totaling 113,188 victims between 1964 and August 2023.
The registry, published in 2013 by the Enrique Peña Nieto administration,
was removed  from public access  in 2019 after President Andrés Manuel
López Obrador classified the information as “reserved. ”  The registry
reported police or military members had deprived 733 registered victims of
liberty since the registry was first published, including 33 others who  were
seen in a public ministry agency before their enforced disappearance .  The
registry also reported 522 migrants disappeared while traveling through the
country .
The government made efforts to prevent, investigate, and punish acts of enforced disappearance  involving government agents.  From January to
August  2022, the National Human Rights Commission ( CNDH ) received
seven complaints accusing government agents of enforced disappearance s,
including three against the army and three against the Attorney General’s
Office .
In August 2022, Undersecretary of Human Rights Alejandro Encinas released
a report confirming  the 2014 enforced disappearance s of 43 students from
the Ayotzinapa Rural Teachers’ College in Iguala, in the state of Guerrero,
was a “state” crime.  The report found various local, state, and federal officials – by commission or omission – were involved in carrying out or
covering up crimes in conjunction with the atrocities.  Following several
arrests in 2022 , the Attorney General’s  Office reissued 17 arrest warrants in
Page 6 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  June for additional suspects who  were previously suspended in October
2022.   Sixteen warrants  were issued for  military personnel and one for a
suspect who had asylum in a neighboring country .  On June 25, authorities
arrested Gualberto Ram írez, who oversaw the initial investigation of the
students’ enforced disappearances in 2014 as the former head of the
antik idnapping  unit of the former Special Prosecutor ’s Office for Organized
Crime Investigation.  Ram írez was charged with torture and investigation
misma nagement.   On July 6, the Attorney General ’s Office arrested retired
General Rafael Hernández Nieto, the second -highest -ranking detainee and
former commander of the 41st Infantry Battalion in Iguala , for enforced
disappearance  and participation in organized crime, but on August 22, a
judge released him.   As of November , no suspects had  been convicted for
their involvement.
In July, the Interdisciplinary Group of Independent Experts, appointed by the
Inter -American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR), presented its sixth
and final report on Ayotzinapa.  The report determined the 43 students
were not involved with crim inal groups and stated  members of the former
Center for Investigation and National Security, former Prosecutor General’s
Office antikidnapping unit, SEDENA, and  the Secretariat of the Navy
withheld key information during the investigation , including their presence
at the scene when the students were forcibly disappeared.  The report
determined SEDENA refused to comply with President L ópez Obrador's
order to provide crucial information , including telephone and message
Page 7 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  records .
On September 27,  Undersecretary Encinas presented the Presidential
Ayotzinapa Truth and Justice Commission’s second report, which outlined
areas controlled by criminal organizations in Guerrero and pointed to
possible student locations.  Encinas stated there was no evidence linking any
of the students to the criminal organization Guerreros Unidos and confirmed
SEDENA’s involvement in the students’ enforced disappearance.
The National Search Commission reported carrying out 5,194 exhumations
as of July 21; 2,404 bodies were identified and 1,437 were returned to their
families .  In May, authorities reported finding 30 clandestine graves in
Tecoman, Colima, that contained at least 53 bodies and hundreds of bone fragments.
Since 2020, perpetrators killed seven relatives of disappeared victims in alleged retaliation for their efforts to find family members.  On May 2,
Teresa Magueyal, who was searching for her son, was killed in Guanajuato.
The Attorney General’s Office opened an investigation into the case, but no suspects were charged  as of October .
On August 21, government authorities reportedly violently removed
relatives of disappeared persons who participated in a protest outside the
Queretaro Attorney General’s Office.  The protesters demanded the
government allow access to government services , including Forensic
Page 8 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Medical Services and Social Reintegration Centers , to search for the
c. Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman, or Degrading
Treatment or Punishment, and Other Related Abuses
Federal law prohibited  torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or
punishment, as well as the admission of confessions obtained through illicit
means as evidence in court.  Despite these prohibitions, there were reports that security forces tortur ed detainees .
Civil society groups reported torture was a generalized practice.   In 2022,
the Mexican Commission for the Defense and Promotion of Human Rights
stated that human rights organizations received  approximately  9,500
complaints for torture and inhuman treatment.  Victims most often accused municipal police, public security, and state attorney general’s offices of
torture or inhuman treatment .  Between January and April, the CNDH
registered 20 complaints of torture and 94 of  arbitrary detention  committed
by personnel in the Secretariat of Security, National Guard, Attorney
General’s Office, a rmed forces, and the National Migration Institute.
There were accusations of sexual abuse committed by authorities during
arrest and detention.   In March, authorities published new guidelines for the
Mechanism for Monitoring Cases of Sexual Torture against Women , in
response to a recommendation from the Inter -American Court of Human
Page 9 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Rights .  Civil society organizations reported that despite publishing  the new
guideline s, the mechanism was not operating sufficiently , administrators
had met only once, and no new cases had been reviewed as of July 31.
On July 13, authorities detained Adolfo Karam, the former judicial police
director of Puebla , accused of torturing Lydia Cacho , who exposed former
Puebla Governor Mario Marín and several business leaders’ involvement in a
child sex  trafficking ring in 2005.   Marín remained  in detention as of
Impunity for torture was prevalent among the security forces.
Nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) stated that authorities failed to
investigate torture allegations adequately.  As of August 14 , the Attorney
General’s Office was investigating more than 2,600 torture -related inquiries
and conducting 700 investigations .
Prison and Detention Center Conditions
Conditions in prisons and detention centers were often harsh and life
Abusive Physical Conditions:   According to the NGO Legal Assistance for
Human Rights, some federal and state prisons were grossly overcrowded.
The state of Mexico had the highest rate of overcrowding at 242 percent
Page 10 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Authorities reportedly transferred individuals from one prison to another
without prior notice and without the possibility of prisoners or family
members challenging the transfers .  Women inmates said transfers to a
prison in the state of Morelos  left them without the possibility of receiving
visits .  The CNDH and the National Mechanism reported  human rights
abuses of women in that prison, particularly their rights to physical and
mental health , and made recommendations to prison authorities to reduce
the prison population and provide adequate health, education, work, and exercise resources for inmates .  Access to sleeping and  medical areas was
limited .
Civil society organizations stated that individuals in migratory detention
reported cases of threats  and degrading treatment , spoiled food , generally
bad conditions , and sensory deprivation, deprivation of vital needs, and
difficulty sleeping due to lights being turned on full time.
On March 27, 40 migrants died and 27 were seriously injured after a fire at a
migrant detention center in Ciudad Juarez, Chihuahua, administered by the National Institute of Migration.  The fire allegedly started after detained
migrants set fire to their m attresses to protest overcrowded detention
conditions, lack of sufficient food, and water shortages.  Video footage
showed migration  agents failed to unlock doors of the holding cell where
migrants were trapped.
Criminal groups reportedly continued to oversee illicit activities from within
Page 11 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  penitentiaries, and rival drug cartel members often fought in prisons.  In
January , during a violent prison break, armed criminal gunmen opened fire
in a Ciudad Juarez prison, resulting in the deaths of seven prisoners, 10
guards, and two gunmen.  During the confrontation, 25 prisoners escaped.
The CNDH found many prisons did not provide  sufficient care for elderly
persons, women and minors living with them, Indigenous persons,  persons
with disabilities, persons with HIV or AIDS , and  lesbian, gay, bisexual,
transgender, queer, or intersex  (LGBTQI+ ) persons .
Administration:   Authorities did not always conduct investigations into
credible allegations of mistreatment.
Independent Monitoring:   The government permitted independent
monitoring of prison conditions by the International Committee of the Red Cross, the CNDH, and state human rights commissions.
d. Arbitrary Arrest or Detention
Federal law prohibited  arbitrary arrest and detention and provide d for the
right of any person to challenge the lawfulness of their  arrest or detention in
court; however, the government sometimes failed to observe these requirements.
Arrest Procedures and Treatment of Detainees
The constitution allow ed any person to arrest another if a crime was
Page 12 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  committed in their  presence.  A warrant for arrest was not required if an
official detain ed a person  in the act of  committing a crime .  Bail was
available for most crimes, except 22 crimes , including violent offenses, and
crimes involving criminal groups.  In most cases, the law require d detainees
to appear before a judge for a custody hearing within 48 hours of arrest,
during which authorities had to produce sufficient evidence to justify
continued detention.  This requirement was not followed in all cases, particularly in remote areas of the country.  In cases involving criminal
groups, the law allow ed authorities to hold suspects up to 96 hours before
requiring them to seek judicial review.
The procedure known in Spanish as arraigo  (a constitutionally permitted
form of pretrial detention employed during the investigative phase of a
criminal case before probable cause was fully established) allow ed, with a
judge’s approval, for certain suspects to be detained prior to filing formal
Detainees complained  police  made arrests arbitrarily without a warrant,
denied  them  access to family members and to counsel , and  held  them  in
isolation for several days.  Police occasionally failed to provide impoverished
detainees access to counsel during arrests and investigations as provided for
by law.
Arbitrary Arrest:   Allegations of arbitrary detentions occurred throughout
the year.  The IACHR, the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, and
Page 13 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  NGOs expressed concerns regarding arbitrary detention and the potential
for it to lead to other human rights abuses.
Pretrial Detention:   Lengthy pretrial detention was a problem, and
authorities did not always promptly release those detained unlawfully.  The
law provide d time limits and conditions on pretrial detention, but federal
authorities sometimes failed to comply with them since caseloads far
exceeded the capacity of the federal judicial system.  Abuses of time limits
on pretrial detention were endemic in state jud icial systems.  In November
2022, the Supreme Court eliminated automatic pretrial detention for fraud
and tax crimes.  Activists claimed the decision did not go far enough to protect habeas corpus rights, while local legal experts noted the decision
could hinder the government’s ability to curb financial crimes.   The UN
Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights documented cases in the
states of Mexico and Chiapas in which detainees remained in pretrial
detention for more than 12 years.
In May, authorities rearrested Daniel García Rodríguez, who was accused of murder in 2001.  Rodríguez was previously arrested and held in pretrial
detention for more than 17 years before being released with an ankle
monitor in 2019.  He remained in pretria l detention as of October.
As of August 9, Ver ónica Razo had been  in pretrial detention  for 12 years ,
awaiting trial for allegedly kidnapping and participating in criminal group
activities .  In 2022, the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention called for
Page 14 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  her release, and the Federal Defense Public Institute maintained that police
sexually tortured her and forced her to plead guilty.  Brenda Quevedo Cruz
remained in pretrial detention  as of October , despite a 2020 announcement
by authorities they would release her.  Quevedo Cruz had been detained
without trial since 2007 for alleged ly participating in organized crime
activities  and for kidnapping.
e. Denial of Fair Public Trial
Although the constitution and law provide d for an independent judiciary,
court decisions were susceptible to improper influence by both private and public entities, particularly at the state and local level, as well as by transnational criminal organizations.  Authorities sometimes failed to
respect court orders, and arrest warrants were sometimes ignored,
consistent with the lack of judicial independence and rule of law throughout the legal system.  Across the criminal justice system, many actors lacked the
necessary training and capacity to carry  out their duties fairly and
consistently in line with the principle of equal justice.
President L ópez Obrador and other government actors verbally attacked the
judiciary, particularly the Supreme Court, criticizing judges who ruled against
the administration on numerous occasions.  In March, during a massive rally
in Mexico City, government supporters burned an effigy of Chief Justice
Norma Pi ña, accusing her of corruption.   In May, Veracruz Governor
Page 15 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Cuitlahuac Garcia led a demonstration in Mexico City where supporters
carried coffins with the names of seven of the 11 Supreme Court justices and accused them of siding with conservative opponents and ruling against
administration priorities.
On June 16, the National Guard detained Judge Angélica Sánchez Hernández without an arrest warrant in Mexico City for alleged crimes against public
faith and influence peddling after she ordered the release of murder suspect
Itiel Palacios from pretrial de tention.  A federal judge ordered her
immediate release after concluding local authorities violated the suspension
of an injunction Hernández obtained on July 9.  Authorities previously
arrested Sánchez Hernández on June 5 for allegedly shooting at police
officers, which she denied, and was later released.  She remained under
house arrest while the investigations continued.
Trial Procedures
The law provide d for the right to a fair and public trial, and the judiciary
generally enforced the right.
Defendants had the right to an attorney of their choice at all stages of
criminal proceedings.  By law, attorneys were required to meet professional
qualifications to represent a defendant.  Not all public defenders  were
qualified, however, and often the state public defender system was
understaffed.  According to the Center for Economic Research and Teaching,
Page 16 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  most criminal suspects did not receive representation until after their first
custody hearing, thus making individuals vulnerable to coercion to sign false statements prior to appearing before a judge.
Defendants had the right to free assistance of an interpreter, if needed,
although interpretation and translation services for  speakers of  Indigenous
languages were not always available.  According to the Indigenous
Professional Center for Advice, Advocacy , and Translation, Indigenous
defendants who did not speak Spanish sometimes were unaware of the
status of their cases and were convicted without fully understanding the
documents they were instructed to sign.
Political Prisoners and Detainees
There were no reports of political prisoners or detainees.
f. Transnational Repression
Not applicable.
g. Property Seizure and Restitution
Not applicable.
h. Arbitrary or Unlawful Interference with Privacy, Family,
Page 17 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Home, or Correspondence
The law prohibit ed arbitrary or unlawful interference with privacy, family,
home, or correspondence and require d search warrants.  There were some
complaints that authorities  conducted illegal searches or illegal destruction
of private property.
Section 2. Respect for Civil Liberties
a. Freedom of Expression, Including for Members of the
Press and Other Media
The law provided for freedom of expression, including for members of the
press and other media, and the government generally respected this right.
The government continued exerting significant pressure due to being  a
source of advertising revenue for many media organizations, which at times influenced coverage.
Freedom of Expression:   Independent media were active and expressed a
wide variety of views without restriction but often self -censored due to fear
of reprisals from government officials and transnational criminal organizations.
Official discrediting of press workers continued.  Politicians, including
President López Obrador, publicly discredited and criticized such journalists ,
Page 18 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  present ing them as biased, partisan, and corrupt.   The administration
continued to showcase a weekly “Who’s Who in Lies” segment in the
president’s morning press conference to expose journalists who allegedly
reported fake news.  In 2022, the NGO  Article 19  registered at least 176
disparaging comments from the President’s Office directed toward media
outlets, journalists, and civil society organizations.  Several journalists cited
constant threats.   Reyna Haydee Ramírez, a journalist for the news agency
Com munication and Information on Women ( CIMAC ), said the president’s
discourse caused listeners to interpret his words as an “order to attack .”
Ramírez was subsequently barred from attending  the president’s morning
conferences .
Violence and Harassment:   Journalists were killed or subjected to physical
attacks, cyberattacks, harassment, and intimidation (especially by state
agents and transnational criminal organizations) in response to their
reporting.  This limited media’s ability to investigate and report, since many
of the reporters who were killed covered cr ime, corruption, and local
politics.  High levels of impunity, including for killings or attacks on
journalists, resulted in self -censorship and reduced freedom of expression
and the press.
According to civil society representatives , as of September 25 , at least four
journalists were killed:  Marco Aurelio Ramírez (Puebla), Luis Martín Sánchez
(Nayarit), Nelson Matus (Guerrero), and Jesús Gutiérrez Vergara (Sonora).
Page 19 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  In addition, o n July 8, journalist Luis Marín Sánchez Íñiguez was found dead
in Tepic, Nayarit.  The correspondent  for the daily newspaper La Jornada
and media site  Crítica Digital Noticias disappeared from his home on July 5.
The state attorney general’s office confirmed he was killed possibly due to
his work in journalism.  Two of his colleagues, who were also reported
missing, were found alive on July 8 -9.
On July 6, journalist Juan Carlos Hinojosa disappeared in Nanchital,
Veracruz; the case remained unsolved as of October.
On July 15, unidentified attackers shot at  independent journalist Mar ía Luisa
Estrada and her daughter in Guadalajara, Jalisco.  Estrada and her daughter
were unharmed, but Estrada said a police officer at the crime scene
cautioned her regarding her crime and corruption reporting and described
the attack as a warning.
The Interior Secretariat registered 72 verbal and physical attacks against
journalists in 2022, 42 percent of which the secretariat attributed to public
servants.  The most common aggressions were intimidation and harassment, followed by threats and physic al attacks, according to civil society groups.   In
November 2022,  CIMAC  reported a 210 percent increase in attacks against
women in journalism from January 2019 to July 2022 , compared with 2012 -
18, which CIMA C noted was the period of the previous presidency.  CIMAC
found most common attacks against women in journalism were
stigmatization, intimidation, and harassment online and in person.
Page 20 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Between 2019 and June 2022, the Office of the Special Prosecutor for
Crimes against  Journalists , a unit in the Attorney  General’s Office, charged
186 persons with crimes against journalists.   As of October , the Attorney
General’s Office prosecuted only 16 cases.  Since its inception, the Special
Prosecutor’s Office  took  to trial only 21 percent of the 1,629 cases it
opened.   Digital media journalists covering stories such as crime, corruption,
and human rights violations experienced physical violence and online abuse.
Online discrimination, harassment, and threats were problems particularly
for women journalists and politicians, as well as any individual and
organizations advocating for women’s rights.
Censorship or Content Restrictions for Members of the Press and Other
Media, Including Online Media:   Human rights groups reported that some
state and local governments censored media.  Journalists reported altering their coverage due to a lack of government protection, attacks against
members of media and newsrooms, and threats or retributions against t heir
families, among other reasons.  There were reports of journalists practicing
self-censorship due to threats from criminal groups and government
Freedom of expression advocacy groups reported the government, despite reductions in its advertising budgets, continued to have a strong financial
impact and influence on the largest media companies.  The c ivil society
groups Fundar and Article 19 underscored a lack of federal government
Page 21 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  transparency in selecting media outlets for public advertising , noting that 55
percent of its budget went to only 10 media outlets in 2022.
Libel/Slander Laws:   There were no federal criminal laws against
defamation, libel, or slander; however, nine states had criminal laws
regarding these three acts.  In four states, the crimes of defamation and libel
were prosecuted, with penalties ranging from three days to five years in
prison and fines for committing defamation or slander, both considered “crimes against honor.”  Slander was punishable under the criminal laws of
five states, with sentences ranging from three months to six years in prison
and fines.  Twenty -five states had laws protecting authorities from alleged
insults.  Five states had laws that restricted  the publishing of political
caricatures or “memes” but seldom enforced them.  In addition to criminal
libel and defamation laws, civil law define d “moral damage” as similar to
defamation concerning harm to a person’s “feelings, affections, beliefs,
dignity, honor, reputation, and privacy,” according to the NGO Committee to
Protect Journalists.
On April 25, President L ópez Obrador repealed the 1917 Law on Printing
Crimes, which previously increased punishments for insults against the
president, congress, army, and other institutions.
Nongovernmental Impact:   Criminal groups exercised grave influence over
media outlets and reporters, threatening individuals who published critical
views of criminal groups.  Concerns persisted regarding criminal groups’ use
Page 22 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  of physical violence in retaliation for information posted online, which
exposed journalists, bloggers, and social media users to the same level of violence faced by traditional journalists.  According to organizations
defending journalists, the number of attacks against the press by organized crime groups continued to increase .  A civil society organization registered
at least 86 attacks by criminal organizations and reported at least 13 of the
16 journalist homicides from 2022 to July were possibly linked  to criminal
In June, Chiapas press outlets reported alleged members of crim inal groups
hung banners in various places around the state  to intimidate media.
Internet Freedom
The government did not restrict or disrupt access to the internet or block or filter online content.
According to Freedom House ’s Freedom on the Net Report  2023 , state and
nonstate actors increasingly used legal threats and other methods to pressure social media platforms, web -hosting providers, and individual users
to remove content.  Article 19 recorded 12 removals of journalistic content
in 202 2.  In April,  Supreme Court Judge Yasmín Esquivel Mossa filed a
complaint against journalist Lourdes Mendoza, who tweeted photo graphs  of
Mossa vacationing in Canada,  accompanied by critical comments regarding
the judge.  Mossa asked a court to order the removal of the photo graph s
Page 23 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  and to delete Mendoza’s account  on X (formerly called Twitter) , on the
grounds that her minor son appear ed in one of them and the comments
allegedly incited hatred.   The court ordered Mendoza and other journalists
to remove or blur the photo graph s to protect the identity of Mossa’s son
but did not force Mendoza to delete her account.
NGOs alleged provisions in laws threatened the privacy of internet users by
forcing telecommunication companies to retain data for two years,
providing real -time geolocation data to police, and allowing authorities to
obtain metadata from private communica tions companies without a court
order.  While the Supreme Court upheld the provisions, it noted the need for authorities to obtain a judicial warrant to access user metadata.
Unidentified users and bots on X posted threats against journalists who
asked “difficult”  questions of government officials during press
engagements and in some cases disseminated the journalists’ identities and media outlets and made veiled threats.
The Freedom o n the Net  2023  reported online campaigns amplified support
for President López Obrador and trolled his perceived rivals or users who questioned or criticized him.  In March, the digital news site Animal Político
reported that pro -López Obrador accounts disseminated more than 20,000
tweets in an online smear campaign against the recently elected president of the Supreme Court, Norma Lucía Piña Hernández, who often ruled against
López Obrador’s government in judici al decisions.  Many of the tweets used
Page 24 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  the hashtag #PiñaMadrinaDeLosNarcos (#PiñaGodmotherOfTheNarcos) to
make unsubstantiated links between Piña and drug trafficking.
b. Freedoms of Peaceful Assembly and Association
The law provide d for the freedoms of peaceful assembly and association,
and the government generally respected these rights, with some exceptions.
Twelve states had laws restricting public demonstrations.  There were
reports of security forces using excessive force against demonstrators.
Government failures to investigate and prosecute attacks on protesters and
human rights defenders resulted in impunity for these crimes,  consistent
with high impunity rates for all crimes.  Amnesty International and other
NGOs reported that acts of excessive use of force and arbitrary detention
occurred against women protesters, especially those protesting gender -
based violence.
On August 5, the National Guard allegedly removed and seized property
from protest ers in front of the Secretariat of the Interior.  The proteste rs
had participated in a sit- in for months , and during their removal, police
confiscated  a protester ’s camper and a car.
In February, President Ló pez Obrador criticized demonstrators who
gathered peacefully in Mexico City to protest cuts to election funding.
According to news sources, the president called the demonstrators “allies of
drug cartels ” and accused them of pickpocketing in the capital’s main plaza.
Page 25 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  c. Freedom of Religion
See the Department of State’s International Religious Freedom Report  at
https:www.state.gov/religiousfreedomreport/ .
d. Freedom of Movement and the Right to Leave the
Federal law provide d for freedom of internal movement, foreign travel,
emigration, and repatriation, and the government generally respected these
In-country Movement:   There were numerous instances of armed groups
limiting the movements of migrants, including by threats and acts of kidnapping, extortion, and homicide.  Criminal groups dominated migrant
smuggling operations and often kidnapped, threatened, and extorted migrants to pay a fee for facilitating northbound travel.   On August 17,
international organizations in Ciudad Ju árez reported an increase in
extortion and kidnappings by smugglers.
e. Protection of Refugees
The government cooperated with the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and other humanitarian organizations in providing
protection and assistance to refugees, asylum seekers, and other persons of
Page 26 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  concern.
Access to Asylum:   Federal law provide d for granting asylum, refugee status,
or complementary protection to those fleeing persecution or facing possible
threats to their life, security, or liberty in their country of origin.  The
government had an established procedure for determining refugee status
and providing protections.  The government worked with UNHCR to improve
access to refugee status determinations, improve shelter and reception
conditions for vulnerable migrants and asylum applicants , and suppor t local
integration programs (including access to school, work, and other social
services) for those approved for refugee and complementary protection
Abuse of Refugees and Asylum Seekers :  The press, international
organizations, and NGOs reported targeting and victimization of migrants and asylum seekers by criminal groups and in some cases by police, immigration officers, and customs officials.  There were numerous instances
of criminal gro ups extorting, threatening, or kidnapping asylum seekers and
other migrants.  In many parts of the country, human smuggling
organizations wielded significant power, and media alleged frequent
collusion among local authorities.  There were credible reports of gender -
based violence against migrants.  There were also credible reports of
officially recognized asylum seekers being denied movement across the
country and detained by migration authorities.  Civil society groups reported
Page 27 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  migration authorities did not provide information regarding access to
request asylum and migratory regularization and, in some cases, dissuaded migrants from pursuing such alternatives.
The government did not detain migrant children and generally exempted
accompanying adults from detention to preserve family unity.  Child
protection authorities lacked sufficient capacity to shelter and process
migrant children and families, but the government made progress to
improve shelter space for children and strengthen child protection
authorities.   During the year , the National System for Integral Family
Development transferred 1.1 billion pesos ($67 million) to 26 states to strengthen their capacity to respond to child migration.  In May, the government declared  it had completed the construction of  58 of the 90
shelters planned.
The government increased efforts to target human smuggling organizations ,
with limited results.  In November 2022, the Attorney General’s Office
arrested the Los Panchos human smuggling leader and main collaborators.
The Attorney General’s O ffice carried out arrests in Ciudad Juarez,
Chihuahua ; Silao, Guanajuato ; and the state of Mexico.  In May , the
Attorney General’s Office arrested three alleged smugglers in the state of
Nuevo León.  Authorities found 17 migrants with the smugglers and
identified 11 oth ers at a safe  house.
Obstacles to accessing international protection related most closely to
Page 28 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  capacity limitations and lack of coordination among  the relevant agencies,
as opposed to official government policy.
f. Status and Treatment of Internally Displaced Persons
There were 386,000 IDPs as a result of conflict and violence in 2022,
according to NGOs.   The states of  Chiapas, Michoacan, and Zacatecas
together accounted for almost 90  percent of the total number of IDPs .  Of
the IDPs  in Chiapas, Indigenous peoples in Chenalhó and Frontera Comalapa
represented a significant number.
Land conflicts, social and ethnic violence, or local political disputes also
caused significant displacement.  Forced internal displacement
disproportionately affected Indigenous communities .
The Mexican Commission for the Defense and Promotion of Human Rights
recorded the highest incidence  of forced internal displacement in 2022 in
Frontera Comalapa and La Trinitaria, Chiapas , where 4,250 IDPs across seven
communities fled criminal gang violence.   On May 25, the news outlet
Aristegui Noticias  reported families fled these regions  to escape violence
between Sinaloa and Jalisco Nueva Generaci ón cartels vying for control of
the border with Guatemala.
The government, in conjunction with international organizations, made
Page 29 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  efforts to promote the safe, voluntary return, resettlement, or local
integration of IDPs.  The National Institute for Indigenous People had a program to assist displaced Indigenous and Afro -Mexican women.
For further information about IDPs in the country, please see the materials
of the Internal Displacement Monitoring Center:  https://www.internal-
displacement.org .
Section 3. Freedom to Participate in the Political
Federal law provide d citizens the ability to choose their government through
free and fair periodic elections held by secret ballot and based on universal
and equal suffrage.
Elections and Political Participation
Abuses or Irregularities in Recent Elections:   International observers
considered the most recent  national elections  to be generally fair and f ree
of abuses and irregularities.
Section 4. Corruption in Government
The law provide d criminal penalties for corruption by officials .  The
government generally enforced the law effectively, but  there were
Page 30 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  numerous reports of government corruption.
Corruption:   In February, the Federal Commission for the Protection against
Sanitary Risks  announced it fired 11 public servants for alleged collusion
with private entities, after finding they had destroyed evidence and shared
confidential information regarding the institution’s internal deliberations
with outside parties.   This result ed from  an investigation of  allegations
against commission  officials for corrupt operations awarding pharmaceutical
bids alleged to have occurred in 2021.
In June, the Secretariat of Public Administration announced an audit had
found irregularities amounting to $550 million regarding transactions by the
Mexican Food Security Agency under the Secretariat for Agriculture and
Rural Development.  The case continued under investigation as of August.
Between December 2018 and June, the Secretariat of Public Administration received more than 127,0 00 complaints related to failure to comply with
regulations and duties, misuse and authority abuse, and negligence or lack
of attention in the performance of duties, of which approximately 114,000
were resolved .
For additional information about corruption in the country, please see the
Department of State’s Investment Climate Statement for the country, and
the Department of State’s International Narcotics Control Strategy Report ,
which includes information on financial crimes.
Page 31 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Section 5. Governmental Posture Towards
International and Nongovernmental Monitoring and
Investigation of Alleged Abuses of Human Rights
A variety of domestic and international human rights groups generally
operated without government restriction  to monitor or  investigate  human
rights conditions or cases and publish their findings.  Government officials
were mostly cooperative and responsive to the views of these groups .
President López Obrador , however,  chastised civil society groups at the
morning press conferences he hosted daily.   Some NGOs alleged individuals
who organized campaigns to discredit human rights defenders at times acted with tacit support from government officials.
Retribution against Human Rights Defenders:   On January 15, human rights
defenders Ricardo Lagunes and Antonio Díaz disappeared in Colima after
advocating against mining company Ternium.  While searching for her
brother who disappeared in 2020, Esthela Guadalupe Estrada Ávila, an
activist and member of a collective of relatives of disappeared persons,
disappeared on March 29 in Tlajomulco de Zúñiga, Jalisco.  On April 21,
Indigenous human rights defender Alejandro Ortiz Vázquez was forced into
a vehicle with four armed men in Metlatónoc, Guerrero; as of October, his
whereabouts remained unknown.
Page 32 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Government Human Rights Bodies:   The CNDH was a semiautonomous
federal agency funded by the legislature to monitor and act on human rights
abuses.  The CNDH could  call on government authorities to impose
administrative sanctions or pursue criminal charges against officials, but it was not authorized to impose penalties or legal sanctions.  Civil society
groups questioned the CNDH’s independence  and effectiveness .  They noted
the CNDH failed to speak out regarding pressing concerns such as the role of
the military in public security activities.
All states had their own human rights commissions.  The state commissions
were funded by state legislatures and were semiautonomous.  Some civil
society groups, however, asserted that state commissions were subservient
to the state executive branch.  State commissions did not have uniform
reporting requirements, making it difficult to compare state data and therefore compile nationwide statistics.  The CNDH could take on cases from
state -level commissions if it receive d a complaint that the state commission
did not adequately investigate the case.   The independence and
effectiveness of the commissions varied widely.
Section 6. Discrimination and Societal Abuses
Rape and Domestic Violence:   Federal law criminalized the rape of men and
women, including spousal rape  and domestic or intimate partner rape and
Page 33 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  other forms of domestic and sexual violence , as well as  so-called corrective
rape of LGBTQI+ persons .  Conviction carrie d penalties of up to 20 years’
imprisonment.  Spousal rape was criminalized in 27 of the 32 states.  The
government did not enforce the law effectively.  There were high rates of
impunity for these crimes, consistent with high impunity rates for all crimes.
Federal law prohibited  domestic violence , including gender -based violence ,
and stipulate d penalties between six months’ and four years’ imprisonment.
The law include d media and digital violence as a form of gender -based
violence .  Of the 32 states, 29 stipulate d similar penalties, although
sentences were often more lenient.  Federal law criminalized  spousal abuse.
State and municipal laws addressing domestic violence largely failed to meet
the required federal standards and often were unenforced.
The National Commission to Prevent and Eradicate Violence against Women
was responsible for leading government programs to combat domestic
violence.  In addition to shelters, women’s external assistance centers
provided services including legal, psychological, and protective; however, the number of cases far surpassed institutiona l capacity.  Legal experts said
the country lacked sufficient psychological and anthropological experts to
issue the appropriate expert reports that judges require d in femicide and
domestic violence cases.  Federal funding assisted the operation of more
than 69 shelters, external attention centers, emergency houses, and
transition houses.  NGOs operated 85 percent of the facilities, and
Page 34 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  government organizations operated the remaining 15 percent.
Other Forms of Gender -based Violence or  Harassment:   Femicide was a
federal offense punishable by 40 to 70 years in prison.  It was also a criminal
offense in all states.  The Executive Secretariat of the National Public
Security System reported more t han 1,290 killings of women, including 426
femicides , from January to June.
On May 27, Guillermo “N” was arrested for burning his girlfriend Guadalupe
“N” alive using gasoline in Tonala, Chiapas, and was awaiting trial as of
August.  According to a report by Animal Político , in 2022 at least 90 women
were attacked with acid or gasoline.  On March 2, Puebla became the first state to approve the “Malena Law,” which considered acid attacks as
femicide attempts and punishable by up to 40 years in prison.
In the case of the death of Debanhi Escobar in Monterrey, Nuevo León, in 2022, in January authorities arrested two persons who managed the motel
where Escobar was found.
In the case of the death of Cecilia Monzón in Cholula, Puebla, in 2022, as of
August 8,  three of the alleged conspirators were awaiting trial, and one was
released due to lack of evidence.
On March 2, Puebla’s congress approved the “Monzon Law,” in honor of femicide victim Cecilia Monzon .  The law  suspended parental rights for men
under investigation for femicide.  The law also introduced penalties for
Page 35 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  officials who failed to act or who hindered investigations.  Mexico City,
Sinaloa, Colima, and Aguascalientes adopted similar laws.
Federal law prohibited sexual harassment and provided for fines from 250 to
5,000 times the minimum daily wage, but the law was not effectively
enforced.  Of the 32 states, 24 criminalized sexual harassment, and all states
had provisions for punishment whe n the perpetrator was in a position of
Discrimination:   The law provided women the same legal status and rights
as men and “equal pay for equal work performed in equal jobs, hours of
work, and conditions of efficiency.”  The government did not enforce the
law effectively.  Women tended to earn substantially l ess than men did for
the same work.  Women were more likely to experience discrimination in
wages, working hours, and benefits.  Afro -Mexican and Indigenous women
reported structural inequality in their daily lives.  Job announcements
specif ying desired gender, age, marital status, and parental status were
Reproductive Rights:   There were no confirmed reports of coerced abortion
or involuntary sterilization on the part of government authorities.
The CNDH observed recurrent cases of obstetric violence during childbirth in
the forms of neglect and physical abuse, sometimes with serious
consequences on women’s sexual and reproductive health.  As of October,
Page 36 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  the CNDH issued 51 recommendations to improve or address the denial of
health services, including physical and psychological abuse, performance of
risky procedures, and inadequate neonatal evaluation, diagnosis, and
treatment for diseases.
Federal authorities supported access to contraceptive methods, including
for the purpose of family planning, but states’ efforts varied widely.  Barriers
to accessing contraceptives stemmed from lack of knowledge, poverty, lack
of access to health services , and sexual violence from family members,
strangers, or friends.
Government health service providers in 21 states said they were obligated
by law to offer sexual and reproductive emergency health services for survivors of sexual violence within 120 hours of the sexual assault.
Emergency contraception and postexposure prophylaxis were available in all
states, including fo r survivors of sexual assault.  Nevertheless, women
nationwide faced obstacles to accessing emergency services due to health
providers’ personal objections to emergency contraception or misunderstanding of their legal obligations to provide services.
Authorities reported the cause of most maternal deaths nationwide was
obstetric hemorrhage (21 percent), followed by hypertension (15 percent),
and abortion (8 percent).  Factors associated with maternal deaths included
parents with lower levels of education, inad equate  hospital infrastructure
and human capacity, and lack of access to maternity care, especially for
Page 37 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  pregnant women living in rural areas.  Southern states reported the lowest
access to skilled health care during pregnancy due to geographic, financial, and cultural barriers.
A 2022  report based on a survey in five states pointed out the main barriers
to menstrual health were stigma, lack of sanitation, and access to information.  It found 69 percent of menstruating persons had little or no
information when their first period  occurred , and 15 percent lacked access
to menstrual products.
The National Population Council reported  that in 2022 , there were more
than 350,000 pregnancies in women younger than age 19, of wh ich
approximately  9,200 were in girls ages 15 or younger (98 percent in girls
ages 13 -14).  The states with the majority of cases were Chiapas, Coahuila,
Guerrero, and Veracruz.  Authorities attributed high adolescent birth rates
to low economic status , social inequities, school dropout, low usage of
contraceptives, sexual abuse, and child marriages.  Sometimes family
members arranged marriages for girls younger than 18, although it was illegal nationwide.
Systemic Racial or Ethnic Violence and Discrimination
The constitution prohibited  discrimination based on ethnicity, and a federal
law prohibited  all forms of discrimination.  Nonetheless, discrimination was
common against racial and ethnic minorities, including Blac k and  Afro -
Page 38 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Mexican persons .  All states had additional laws against discrimination.  A
2019 constitutional reform recognize d Afro -Mexicans as an ethnic group.
The government did not enforce the law effectively.
According to a 2021 report by the National Council to Prevent Discrimination
(CONAPRED), in Mexico City dark -skinned individuals experienced the most
discrimination, followed by Indigenous peoples.
The National Statistical Institute (INEGI ) reported that 2 percent of the
population (2.5 million) self -identified as Afro -Mexican.   INEGI’s 2022
National Survey on Discrimination found 36 percent of Afrodescendants
older than  12 faced discrimination in the last 12 months.  The survey also
reported 38 percent of Afrodescendants older than  12 said their rights were
respected “little” and 28 percent that their rights were denied in the past
five years.   A 2022 report from the Black Alliance for Just Immigrati on found
Black migrants faced widespread racial discrimination from individuals and
authorities, particularly in accessing employment and services.  Black
migrants reported migration authorities detained Black migrants for longer
periods than other migrants.
Indigenous Peoples
CONAPRED’s 2017 national survey on discrimination found 65 percent of Indigenous persons considered their rights were respected “little or not at
all.”  The CNDH reported Indigenous women were among the most
Page 39 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  vulnerable groups in society.  They often experienced racism and
discrimination and were frequently victims of violence.  Due at least in part to services offered only in the Spanish language, Indigenous persons
generally had limited access to health care, education services, and legal means to seek justice.  In 2022, the National Council for the Evaluation of
Social Development Policy published a report that found 65 percent of
Indigenous peoples lived in poverty and 26 percent in extreme poverty.
In mid -July, the government resumed construction of the Mayan Train, a
dual cargo -passenger railroad to cross the Yucatán Peninsula through
Indigenous lands, citing a 2021 decree deeming all public infrastructure to
be a matter of national security, which limited the ability of civil society and
Indigenous groups to use legal avenues to halt the project.  Several
Indigenous communities brought legal actions to oppose the construction,
many of which were dismissed or denied.  In December 2022, the United
Nations published a press release citing concerns regarding the Mayan
Train’s construction impact on the rights of Indigenous peoples, land and
natural resources, and cultural and health rights.  On May 7, the civil society group El Sur Resiste (The South Res ists) issued a statement describing how
police and military agents threatened them while they raised awareness
regarding megaprojects, such as the Isthmus of Tehuantepec Interoceanic
Corridor and the Mayan Train.
On January 17, authorities arrested Indigenous leader David Herná ndez
Page 40 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Salazar for arson and attacks on roads and indicted 17 other I ndigenous
members of the Binniza  community of Puente Madera in Oaxaca.  According
to civil society groups , including Front Line Defenders, Herná ndez was
prosecuted for his work in opposition of megaprojects in the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec, Oaxaca.
On April 23, Hugo Rolando Ar évalo Abarca was sentenced to 25 years in
prison for the  2021  killing of Simon P érez, human rights activist and member
of the Las Abejas de Acteal civil society organization in Chiapas, but family members continued advocating for authorities to find the suspect who
ordered the killing.
The constitution provided Indigenous persons the right to self -
determination, autonomy, and education.  Conflicts arose from the
interpretation of Indigenous communities’ self -governing “normative
systems.”  Uses and customs laws applied traditional practices to resolve
disputes, choose local officials, and collect taxes, with limited federal or
state government involvement.  Communities and NGOs representing Indigenous groups criticized the government for failing to consult
Indige nous communities adequately when making decisions regarding
extractive industry and natural resource development projects on
Indigenous lands.
On January 27, Indigenous persons in Xochimilco obtained an injunction to
stop the construction of a National Guard base.  The court asserted Mexico
Page 41 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  City authorities failed to conduct a culturally appropriate consultation and
infringed on their right to land and territory, their collective right to a territory free of militarization, and the right to a healthy environment.
On August 8, President Ló pez Obrador signed a decree to recognize and
protect the sacred sites and pilgrimage routes of Indigenous peoples in the
states of Jalisco, Nayarit, Durango, and San Luis Potosí.
Birth Registration:   Failure to register births could result in the denial of
public services such as education or health care.
Child Abuse:   The law provide d for protection against child abuse.  There
were numerous reports of child abuse.  The government  generally  enforced
the law effectively.  The National Program for the Integral Protection of
Children and Adolescents, mandated by law, was responsible for
coordinating the protection of children’s rights at all levels of government.
Child, Early, and Forced Marriage:   The legal minimum marriage age was 18.
Enforcement, however, was inconsistent across the states.  With a judge’s consent, children could marry at younger ages.   According to a 2022
investigation by the news outlet La Lista , at least 153,000 child marriages
took place between 2010 and 2021.  On March 15, the senate approved
legislation that criminalize d forced child marriage and stipulated a penalty of
up to 22 years in prison.  On April 26, federal law authorities reformed the
Page 42 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  federal penal code to prohibit forced cohabitation of minors  and persons
with intellectual disabilities, with punishments  of eight to 15 years ’
imprisonment and possibly higher penalties if the victim identifie d as
Indigenous or Afro -Mexican.
Sexual Exploitation of Children:   The law prohibit ed the sale, grooming, or
use of children for commercial sexual exploitation, including sex trafficking ,
and authorities generally enforced the law.  Nonetheless, NGOs and media
reported occurrences of sexual exploitation of minors, including child sex
tourism in resort towns and northern border areas.  Authorities estimated
21,000 children were kidnapped annually for sexual exploitation.  The
statute of limitations  did not apply  for sexual crimes against minors,
including child pornography distribution, child sex tourism, corruption of minors, pederasty, sexual abuse, and rape.
The Jewish population numbered 58,876  (according to the 2020 INEGI
survey) .  The  community  experienced low levels of antisemitism.  In January,
civil society organizations and activists protested  against  the Greek band Der
Strumer , accused of being a neo -Nazi group, who was set to perform but
later canceled its January 13 show in Guadalajara.
In June, local media reported multiple swastikas and Nazi insignias painted
around Morelia, Michoacan.
Page 43 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  Between January and June 30, the civil society organization Central
Committee ( Comité Central)  found 3 percent of social media content
mentioning Jewish persons was antisemitic.
Jewish community representatives reported good cooperation with the
government in addressing instances of antisemitic acts.
For further information on incidents in the country of antisemitism, whether
or not those incidents were motivated by religion, and for reporting on the
ability of Jews to exercise freedom of religion or belief, please see the
Department of State’s International Religious Freedom Report  at
https://www.state.gov/religiousfreedomreport/ .
Trafficking in Persons
See the Department of State’s Trafficking in Persons Report  at
https://www.state.gov/trafficking -in-persons -report/ .
Acts of Violence, Criminalization, and Other Abuses Based
on Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity or Expression, or
Sex Characteristics
Criminalization:   No laws criminaliz ed consensual same -sex sexual conduct
between adults, cross -dressing, or other sexual or gender characteristic -
related behavior .  There were no reports that neutral laws (e.g., on statutory
Page 44 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  rape, immorality , or loitering) were disproportionately applied to LGBTQI+
Violence and Harassment:   There were reports the government did not
always investigate and punish those complicit in abuses against LGBTQI+
persons, especially outside Mexico City.  Civil society groups claimed police
routinely subjected LGBTQI+ persons to mistreatment while in custody.
In 2022 , there were 87 killings of individuals who identif ied as LGBTQI+, of
whom  48 were transgender, that could have been motivated by their sexual
identity , according to civil society groups.
On July 15, assailants killed Ulises Nava Juárez , LGBT QI+ rights defender and
head of the Department of Sexual Diversity at the Autonomous University of
Guerrero , as he left the National Congress of Strategic Litigation for the
Defense of Rainbow Quotas , in Aguascalientes.  As of July 31, the UN Office
of the High Commissioner for Human Rights documented seven killings  of
human rights activists, two of whom were LGBTQI+ advocates.
According to CONAPRED, the most frequent forms of aggression LGBTQI+
persons experienced were verbal violence;  denial of entry, services , and
rights ; and killings.
Discrimination:   Federal law prohibited  discrimination against LGBTQI+
individuals .  The government generally did not enforce the law .  A Mexico
City municipal law provide d increased penalties for hate crimes based on
Page 45 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  sexual orientation and gender identity.  As of November 16 , Mexico City  and
the states of  Baja California , Campeche , Chiapas , Chihuahua , Coahuila,
Colima, Guanajuato , Morelos, Querétaro , San Luis Potos í, and Yucatán
allowed LGBTQI+ couples and families adoption rights.
The 2021 National Survey of Sexual Diversity and Gender found that of three
million employed LGBTQI+ individuals, one -third reported experiencing
discrimination in the past 12 months.   In March, a professor who identified
as gay was fired for alleged sexual misconduct in Álvaro Obreg ón, Durango,
prompting student protests that the school’s director had filed false charges
against him.  From January to August 23, CONAPRED registered 22 reports of
discrimination against LGBTQI+ persons.
Availability of Legal Gender Recognition:   Twenty states permitted  adult
individuals and eight states allow ed children 12 years and older to update
names and gender markers via a simple administrative process.   In May, for
the first time, the Secretariat of Foreign Affairs issued passports with “X” as
a third sex designation option.
Involuntary or Coercive Medical or Psychological  Practices :  Sixteen states
banned so -called conversion therapy practices.   According to INEGI, 14
percent of transgender persons and 10 percent of lesbian, gay, and bisexual
persons were subjected to so -called conversion therapy practices.  Civil
society organizations reported that, as part of the treatment process,
LGBTQI+ perso ns undergoing so -called conversion therapy practices were
Page 46 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  often isolated, beaten, given electroshocks, and made to undergo hormone
or steroid therapies, among other actions.
Medically unnecessary surgeries and treatment continued to be done on
infants and children born with sex characteristics that did not align with
either a typical male or female body.   There were no reports of such
surgeries done on nonconsenting intersex adults.
Restrictions of Freedom of Expression, Association, or Peaceful Assembly:
There were no reports of restrictions on freedom of expression, association, or peaceful assembly related to LGBTQI+ matters .
Persons with Disabilities
Public buildings and facilities often did not comply with the law requiring
access for persons with disabilities.  Federal law prohibited  discrimination
against persons with physical, sensory, intellectual, and mental disabilities.
The government did not effectively enforce the law.  According to the 2021
INGEI survey on the dynamics of household relationships, 73 percent of the
six million women and girls older than  15 who identified having  disabilities
reported experiencing violence.  On June 7, the government enacted the
National Code of Civil and Family Procedures, championed by disability
advocacy groups.   The legislation established the  right to independently
decide and make decisions with appropriate support for persons with
disabilities older than  18.
Page 47 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  The law prohi bited  discrimination agains t persons  with disabilities , and the
government approved the National Work and Employment Program for
People with Disabilities 2021 -2024 , aimed at strengthening labor inclusion of
persons with disabilities and supporting the employment of persons with
disabilities in decent work.  Nevertheless , employment discrimination
against individuals  with disabilities continued.
The education system provided education for students with disabilities
nationwide.  Nevertheless, children with disabilities attended school at a
lower rate than those without disabilities.
Voting centers for federal elections were generally accessible for persons
with disabilities, and ballots were available with a braille overlay for federal
elections in Mexico City, but these services were inconsistently available for
local elections elsew here in the country.
The law require d the Secretariat of Health to promote the creation of long -
term institutions for persons with disabilities in distress, and the Secretariat
of Social Development was required to  establish institutions to care for,
protect, and house poor, neglected, or marginalized persons with
disabilities.  NGOs reported authorities had not implemented programs for
community integration.
Abuses occurred in institutions and care facilities housing persons with
mental disabilities, including those for children.  Abuses included the use of
Page 48 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  physical and chemical restraints; physical and sexual abuse; human
trafficking, including forced labor; enforced disappearance ; and the illegal
adoption of institutionalized children.  Persons with disabilities were
vulnerable to abuse from staff members, other patients, or guests at
facilities where there was inadequate supervision.  Documentation
supporting the identity and ori gin of those staying in the facilities was
lacking, and access to justice was limited, according to NGOs.  NGOs reported no change s in the mental health system to create community
services or any efforts by authorities to have independent experts monitor
human rights abuses in psychiatric institutions.
Institutionalized persons with disabilities often lacked adequate medical
care and rehabilitation services, privacy, and clothing.  They often ate, slept,
and bathed in unhygienic conditions.
Other Societal Violence or Discrimination
The Catholic Multimedia Center reported criminal groups harassed Roman
Catholic priests and religious leaders  of other denominations  in some parts
of the country and subjected them to extortion, death threats, and
intimidation.  On May 22, authorities found Catholic priest Javier Garcia
Villafana shot and killed  in his car on the Cuitzeo -Huandacareo highway in
Michoac án.  Government officials stated the harassment of Catholic priests
and evangelical Protestant pastors reflected high levels of generalized
Page 49 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  violence throughout the country and not targeted attacks based on religious
beliefs .
According to Christian Solidarity Worldwide, Catholic -majority communities
sometimes discriminated  against , harassed, threatened, and displaced
individuals who left Catholicism or belonged to other faith communities , in
addition to  denying them  basic services and destroy ing their property.  On
August 20, authorities in Simojovel, Chiapas, detained Presbyterian pastor Gilberto Diaz P érez for his work, and villagers allegedly threatened to set fire
to Diaz if he did not pay a fine.  Diaz was released on Augus t 26 in exchange
for three other members of the Presbyterian Church, including his wife, who were released the same day after the Chiapas Interior Ministry and
municipal authorities reached an agreement that Diaz would not preach in
the community.
Section 7. Worker Rights
a. Freedom of Association and the Right to Collective
The law provide d for the right of workers to form and join independent
unions, collectively bargain, and conduct legal strikes , and  it prohibit ed
antiunion discrimination .  The government continued to strengthen freedom
of association protections, promote union democracy, and improve the
Page 50 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  ability of workers to bargain collectively .  By law, all groups , including
agricultural and migrant workers , were protected equally.
Government efforts focused on implementation of the 2019 labor law
reform that transformed the labor justice system.  The reforms provide d
workers with the right to freely elect union representatives and approve or
reject collective bargaining agreements through a secret ballot process
before the agreements were registered.  The reforms prevent ed the
registration of collective bargaining agreements that nonrepresentative ,
undemocratic unions often negotiated and signed without the knowledge of workers  as pr otectionist contracts, which  undermined genuine collective
bargaining.  The reforms called for the creation of independent labor courts
to replace the Conciliation and Arbitration Boards (CABs) that favored
corporatist nonrepresentative unions in the resolution of disputes and
facilitated the registration of protection contracts.  The reforms also
establish ed an expedited and more transparent judicial process for unions
to obtain collective bargaining rights.
In addition to a more impartial and streamlined judicial process for labor
disputes, the reforms transfer red the registration of unions and collective
bargaining agreements from the CABs to a new independent Federal Center
for Conciliation and Labor Registration (Federal Center).  The Federal Center
also carrie d out mandatory prejudicial conciliations at the federal level, with
local conciliation centers performing the same function at the state level.
Page 51 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  During the year , the new institutions completed their first year operating in
all 32 states .  The reforms required unions to amend their bylaws to ensure
union democracy and proportional  gender equity in their leadership.  Most
unions at the federal level had amended their bylaws, and the majority of
unions at the local level had also done so.
The Federal Center continued to oversee a verification process, called the
“legitimization process,” which require d unions to organize a secret ballot
vote for workers to approve or reject existing collective bargaining agreements (CBAs) by July 1 .
The Secretariat for Labor and Social Welfare  provided support to the Federal
Center’s verification of legitimization votes .  July 31 marked the deadline for
the Federal Center to schedule and verify all CBA legitimization votes.  The
Federal Center reported that as of September 30, 31,186 CBAs had
undergone the legitimization process , 30,510 CBAs were legitimized , while
676 CBAs were nullified.  The Federal Center note d not all collective
bargaining agreements required legitimization because records were
duplicated, worksites had closed, work had concluded, or the collective
bargaining agreement was an illegal protection contract held by a
nonrepresentative union that would not request a legitimization vote.
Federal labor law require d a minimum of 20 workers to form a union.  To
receive government recognition, unions and their leaders were required to
file for registration with the Federal Center.
Page 52 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  By law , a union could call for a strike or bargain collectively in accordance
with its own statutes.  Under the labor reform, to negotiate a collective
bargaining agreement, the union had to first obtain a certificate of
representativeness from the Federal Center demonstrating it ha d support
from at least 30 percent of workers to be covered by the agreement, or 50
percent plus one  as part of a secret ballot if there was a competing union.
Before a strike could take place, a union had to file a “notice to s trike” with
the appropriate labor court.  Workers, the employer, or an interested third
party could request the court to rule on the legality of the strike, which
could find the strike illegal.
Federal labor law prohibited antiunion discrimination and prohibit ed
employers from intervening in union affairs or interfering with union
activities, including through implicit or explicit reprisals against workers.
The law allowed for the reinstatement of workers if the court found the
employer fired the worker without just cause and the worker request ed
reinstatement; however, the law also exempt ed broad categories of
employees from this protection, including so -called trusted employees and
workers in t he job for less than one year.
The government’s failure to enforce labor laws left workers with little
recourse for violations of freedom of association, poor working conditions,
and other labor provisions.  Penalties for these violations were
commensurate with similar violations of civ il rights.  Penalties were rarely
Page 53 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  applied against violators.   Labor experts reported that sanctions against
companies or unions were rarely applied, including in priority sectors
covered by the United States -Mexico -Canada Trade Agreement.
According to several NGOs and unions, many workers faced violence and
intimidation perpetrated by protection union leaders and employers
supporting them, as well as other workers, union leaders, and vigilantes
hired by a company to suppress opposition to a n existing union in
bargaining -rights elections.  Some employers attempted to influence these
elections through the illegal hiring of temporary or fake employees immediately prior to the election to vote for the company -controlled union.
There were also r eports of employers firing workers who attempted to
organize indepe ndent unions.
From January to October, labor officials reviewed cases of alleged denial of
freedom of association and collective bargaining rights at 10 facilities as part of the United States -Mexico -Canada Agreement’s Rapid Response
Mechanism.   Some of these were resolved and resulted in the reinstatement
of workers with backpay, recognition of an independent union as the
legitimate representative of workers, or both.
b. Prohibition of Forced or Compulsory Labor
See the Department of State’s Trafficking in Persons Report  at
https://www.state.gov/trafficking -in-persons -report/ .
Page 54 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  c. Prohibition of Child Labor and Minimum Age for
See the Department of Labor’s Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor  at
https://www.dol.gov/agencies/ilab/resources/reports/child -labor/findings/ .
d. Discrimination (see section 6)
e. Acceptable Conditions of Work
Wage and Hour Laws:   The labor law provided for a minimum wage for all
sectors , with a tripartite National Minimum Wage Commission responsible
for establishing minimum wages.  The minimum wage was above the official
estimated monthly poverty line’s monetary level.  More than 70  percent of
formal -sector workers received between one and three times the minimum
Federal law set six eight- hour days and 48 hours per week as the legal
workweek.  Any work of more than eight hours in a day was considered
overtime, for which a worker was to receive double pay.  After accumulating
nine hours of overtime in a week, a worker earn ed triple the hourly wage.
The law prohibited compulsory overtime.  The law provided for 10 paid public holidays and one week of paid annual leave after completing one year
of work .  On January 1, the amount  of paid annual leave was increased to 12
days after completi on of  the first year of work .
Page 55 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  According to labor rights NGOs, employers in all sectors sometimes used the
illegal “hours bank” approach – requiring long hours when the workload was
heavy and cutting down hours when it was  light – to avoid compensating
workers for overtime.  This was a common practice in the maquiladora sector, in which employers forced workers to take leave at low moments in
the production cycle and obliged them to work in peak seasons, including
the Christmas holiday period, without the corresponding triple pay
mandate d by law for voluntary overtime on national holidays.
News reports indicated poor working conditions in some factories.  These
included wages lower than what the law stipulate d, contentious labor
management, long work hours, unjustified dismissals, a lack of social
security benefits, unsafe workplaces, and no freedom of association.  Many
women working in the industry reported suffering some form of abuse.
Observers from grassroots labor rights groups, international NGOs, and
multinational apparel brands reported that employers in export -oriented
supply chains increasingly used hiring methods that weakened job security.
For example, manufacturers commonly hired workers on one - to three -
month contracts and then waited a period of days before rehiring them on
new short -term contracts to avoid paying severance and to prevent workers
from accruing seniority.  T his practice violated federal law and restricted
workers’ rights to freedom of association and collective bargaining.
Observers noted it also increased the likelihood of work -related illness and
Page 56 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  injury.  Outsourcing practices made it difficult for workers to identify their
legally registered employer, thus limiting their ability to seek redress of labor grievances.
The situation of agricultural workers remained particularly precarious, with
similar patterns of exploitation throughout the sector.  Labor recruiters
enticed families to work during harvests with verbal promises of decent
wages and a good standard of livi ng.  Rather than receiving daily wages once
a week, as mandated by law, day laborers had to meet certain harvest
quotas to receive the promised wage.  Wages were illegally withheld until
the end of the harvest to ensure workers did not leave.  Civil society
organizations alleged workers were prohibited from leaving by threats of
violence or by nonpayment of wages.  Workers had to buy food and other
items at the company store at high markups, at times leaving them with no
money at the end of the harvest afte r settling debts.  Civil society groups
reported families living in inhuman conditions, with inadequate and
cramped housing, no access to clean water or bathrooms, insufficient food,
and without medical care.  With no access to schools or child care , many
workers took their children to work in the fields.
Occupational Safety and Health:   The law require d employers to observe
occupational safety and health (OSH) regulations appropriate for the main
industries, issued jointly by the Labor Secretariat and Institute for Social
Security.  Legally mandated joint management and labor committees set
Page 57 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  standards and were responsible for overseeing workplace standards in
plants and offices.  Individual employees or unions could complain directly
to inspectors or safety and health officials.  By law, workers could remove
themselves from situations that endanger ed health or safety without
jeopardy to their employment.
Wage, Hour, and OSH Enforcement:   The governmen t did not effectively
enforce the minimum wage, overtime, and OSH  laws.  Civil society
organizations  reported the number of labor inspections was not sufficient to
secure compliance.  Criminal cases related to such violations were rarely
carried out.  Penalties for violations regarding hours and minimum wage
were commensurate with those for other similar laws but were rarely
A voluntary reporting system allow ed formally registered businesses to
enroll and self -identify as compliant with the program’s requirements
related to working conditions.  Registered businesses deemed to be
complying according to documentation submitted were exempt from
routine labor inspections for one year, although this did not prevent the
Labor Secretariat from conducting compla int-based labor inspections in
these businesses.
The Labor Secretariat had the authority to order labor inspections at any
time in the event of labor law violations, imminent risk to employees, or
workplace accidents.  Penalties for  violations of OSH regulations were
Page 58 of 58
Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2023
United States Department of State • Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor  commensurate with those for other similar laws but were rarely enforced.
According to INEGI, informal -sector workers represented 5 5 percent of total
workers in the country.  The government did not enforce labor laws in this