Document: fee7bb8f-1710-445d-9493-8553aca84b18_I-864 (23).pdf
Processed: 2025-05-27 04:59:18
==================================================

Part 1.  Basis For Filing Affidavit of Support
NOTE:  If you are filing this form as a sponsor, you must
include proof of your U.S. citizenship, U.S. national status,
or lawful permanent resident status.
Form I-864   Edition   12/08/21   E
am the sponsor submitting this affidavit of support because
(Select only one box):For
START HERE - Type or print in black ink.
intending immigrant, who is related to me as my
which filed an alien worker petition on behalf of the
intending immigrant, who is related to me as myAffidavit of Support Submitter
I am the petitioner.  I filed or am filing for the
immigration of my relative.
I filed an alien worker petition on behalf of the
I have an ownership interest of at least 5 percent in
I am the only joint sponsor.
I am the
The original petitioner is deceased.  I am the
substitute sponsor.  I am the intending immigrant'sPetitioner
2nd Joint Sponsor
Substitute Sponsor
5% Owner 1st Joint Sponsor
firstAffidavit of Support Under Section 213A of the INA
second of two joint sponsors.Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
Reviewed By:
Date (mm/dd/yyyy):MEETS
requirementsSection 213A Review
,DOES NOT MEET
Part 2.  Information About the Principal
1.a.    Family Name
(Last Name)
Given Name
(First Name)
1.c.    Middle NameMailing Address
In Care Of Name
2.b.   Street Number
2.d.   City or Town
2.e.    State
2.g.    Province
2.h.   Postal Code
2.i.    Countryand Name
Ste.Number of Support Affidavits in File
2.f.    ZIP CodeFlr.1OMB No. 1615-0075
Expires 01/31/2026Form I-864
Page 1 of 10EDGAR FABRICIO CHAVEZ
XUNITED STATES OF AMERICA
CHAVEZ BUSTAMANTE
HERMEL22 INWOOD ST
7.Other Information
Country of Citizenship or Nationality
Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any)
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
Daytime Telephone Number
347-644-322504/18/19812.a.To be completed by an
attorney or accredited
representative (if any).Select this box if
Form G-28 or
G-28I is attached.Attorney State Bar Number
(if applicable)Attorney or Accredited Representative
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)X
1969013 069785248376
(USPS ZIP Code Lookup)
Form I-864   Edition   12/08/21   EPart 3.  Information About the Immigrants You
Are Sponsoring
4.a.    Family Name
(Last Name)
Family Member 1
4.b.    Given Name
(First Name)
4.c.    Middle Name
7.I am sponsoring the principal immigrant named in Part 2.
Relationship to Principal Immigrant
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any)Yes
immigrating at the same time or within six months of
the principal immigrant named in Part 2.   (Do not
include any relative listed on a separate visa petition.)I am sponsoring the following family membersfamily members in Part 3.  as the second
joint sponsor or if you are sponsoring
family members who are immigrating
more than six months after the principal
immigrant)No  (Applicable only if you are sponsoring
Family Member 2
9.a.    Family Name
(Last Name)
9.b.    Given Name
(First Name)
9.c.    Middle Name
11.     Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
12.     Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any)
13.Family Member 3
14.a.  Family Name
(Last Name)
14.b.  Given Name
(First Name)
14.c.   Middle Name
15.     Relationship to Principal Immigrant
16.    Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
17.     Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any)
Family Member 4
19.a.  Family Name
(Last Name)
19.b.  Given Name
(First Name)
19.c.   Middle Name
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)
Relationship to Principal Immigrant
USCIS Online Account Number (if any)USCIS Online Account Number (if any)
Page 2 of 10X
20.    Relationship to Principal Immigrant
21.    Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
22.     Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any)
23. USCIS Online Account Number (if any)
Family Member 5
24.a.   Family Name
(Last Name)
24.b.  Given Name
(First Name)
24.c.   Middle Name
26.     Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any)
28. USCIS Online Account Number (if any)Relationship to Principal Immigrant
A-27.3. I am sponsoring the following family members who
are immigrating more than six months after the principal
Form I-864   Edition   12/08/21   EPart 3.  Information About the Immigrants You
Are Sponsoring (continued)
Part 4.  Information About You (Sponsor)
1.a.    Family Name
(Last Name)
1.b.   Given Name
(First Name)Sponsor's Full Name
1.c.    Middle Name
2.a.    In Care Of Name
If you answered ''No'' to Item Number 3. , provide your
physical address in Item Numbers 4.a. - 4.h.4.a.   Street Number
4.c.    City or Town
4.d.   State
4.f.    Province
4.g.    Postal Code
4.h.   Country
Sponsor's Mailing Address
2.b.   Street Number
2.d.   City or Town
2.e.    State
2.g.    Province
2.h.   Postal Code
2.i.     Country
3.Sponsor's Physical Address
Is your current mailing address the same as your physicaland Name
address?and Name
4.e.    ZIP Code
2.f.    ZIP CodeFlr.Flr.
Page 3 of 10NoCHAVEZ BUSTAMANTE
United States1944 78th street
XNYEnter the total number of immigrants you are sponsoring on
this affidavit which includes the principal immigrant listed
inPart 2. , any immigrants listed in Part 3. ,Item
Numbers 1. -28. and (if applicable), any immigrants listed
for these questions in Part 11. Additional Information.
Do not count the principal immigrant if you are only
sponsoring family members entering more than 6 months
after the principal immigrant.
United States5.
10.     U.S. Social Security Number (Required)Other Information
Country of Domicile
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)
City or Town of Birth
State or Province of Birth
Country of Birth
11.c.Citizenship or Residency
Military Service (To be completed by petitioner sponsors only.)
14.     I am currently on active duty  in the U.S. Armed Forces
or U.S. Coast Guard.Sponsor's A-Number (if any)
Sponsor's USCIS Online Account Number (if any)I am a U.S. citizen,
I am a U.S. national.
I am a lawful permanent resident.
Yes NoX
Form I-864   Edition   12/08/21   EUSCIS
NOTE:  Do not count any member of your household more
than once.
4.Part 5.  Sponsor's Household Size
Persons you are sponsoring in this affidavit:
Persons NOT sponsored in this affidavit:
8.Provide the number you entered in Part 3., Item Number
If you have sponsored any other persons on Form I-864 or
Form I-864EZ who are now lawful permanent residents,
enter the number here.
number here.29.
If you are currently married, enter ''1'' for your spouse.
If you have dependent children, enter the number here.
If you have any other dependents. enter the number here.
OPTIONAL:   If you have siblings, parents, or adult
children with the same principal residence who are
combining their income with yours by submitting Form
I-864A, enter the number here.
Add together Part 5., Item Numbers 1. - 7. and enter the
Household Size:
Page 4 of 101
Part 6.  Sponsor's Employment and Income
2.       Name of Employer 1
3.       Name of Employer 2 (if applicable)I am currently:
Employed as a/an
Self-Employed as a/an (Occupation)Retired Since (mm/dd/yyyy)
CRANA ELECTRIC INCX
ELECTRICAL FOREMAN6.
Income you are using from any other person who was
counted in your household size,  including, in certain
conditions, the intending immigrant.  (See Form I-864
Instructions.)  Please indicate name, relationship, and income.7. My current individual annual income is:Unemployed Since (mm/dd/yyyy)
Person 1
8. Name
Person 2
Person 3
NameCurrent Income
Current Income
Person 4
17.     Name
18.Current Income
19. Current Income $
Form I-864   Edition   12/08/21   EUSCIS
20. My Current Annual Household Income (Total all lines
21.Form I-864P.)from Part 6.,Item Numbers 7., 10., 13., 16., and 19.; the
total will be compared to Federal Poverty Guidelines on
The people listed in Item Numbers 8., 11., 14., and
17. have completed Form I-864A.  I am filing along
with this affidavit all necessary Form I-864As
completed by these people.$
Page 5 of 10253149.00Household Size
Other1 2
9Poverty Guideline
$Year:   2 0
Poverty Line:Remarks
22.  One or more of the people listed in Item Numbers
8., 11., 14., and 17. do not need to complete Form
I-864A because he or she is the intending immigrant
and has no accompanying dependents.
My total income (adjusted gross income on Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) Form 1040EZ) as reported on my Federal income
tax returns for the most recent three years was:Federal Income Tax Return Information
23.a.   Have you filed a Federal income tax return for each of the
23.b.three most recent tax years?
NOTE:   You MUST  attach a photocopy or transcript of
your Federal income tax return for only the most recent
tax year.
(Optional) I have attached photocopies or transcripts
of my Federal income tax returns for my second and
third most recent tax years.Yes No
24.a.   Most Recent
24.b.  2nd Most Recent
24.c.   3rd Most Recent
as my income was below the IRS required level and I
have attached evidence to support this. I was not required to file a Federal income tax returnTax Year
$Total Income
246794Part 6. Sponsor's Employment and Income
If your income, or the total income for you and your household,
from Part 6. , Item Numbers 20.  or24.a. - 24.c. , exceeds the
Federal Poverty Guidelines for your household size, YOU ARE
NOT REQUIRED to complete this Part 7.   Skip to Part 8.
Your Assets (Optional)Part 7.  Use of Assets to Supplement Income
1. Enter the balance of all savings and checking accounts.
3.Enter the net cash value of real-estate holdings.  (Net
value means current assessed value minus mortgage debt.)
Enter the net cash value of all stocks, bonds, certificates
of deposit, and any other assets not already included in
Item Number 1. or Item Number 2.
Add together Item Numbers 1. - 3.  and enter the number
here.  TOTAL:   $$
Assets from Form I-864A, Part 4., Item Number 3.d., for:
5.a. Name of Relative
Assets of the principal sponsored immigrant (optional) . 5.b. Your household member's assets from Form I-864A
6. Enter the balance of the principal immigrant's savings and
checking accounts.$
$The principal sponsored  immigrant is the person listed in Part
2., Item Numbers 1.a. - 1.c. Only include the assets if the
principal immigrant is being sponsored by this affidavit of
8.Enter the net cash value of all the principal immigrant's
real estate holdings.  (Net value means investment value
minus mortgage debt.)
Enter the current cash value of the principal immigrant's
stocks, bonds, certificates of deposit, and other assets not
included in Item Number 6. or Item Number 7.$
Form I-864   Edition   12/08/21   EUSCIS
OnlyUseForHousehold Size
Other1 2
9Poverty Guideline
$Year:   2 0
Poverty Line:
Page 6 of 10Part 7.  Use of Assets to Supplement Income
(Optional) (continued)
Total Value of Assets9.
10.     Add together Item Numbers 4., 5.b. , and 9. and enter theAdd together Item Numbers 6. - 8.  and enter the number
number here.
TOTAL:   $$The total value of all assets, line 10, must equal 5 times (3 times for spouses and children of
USC's, or I time for orphans to be  formally adopted in the U.S.) the difference between the
poverty guidelines and the sponsor's household income, line 10.   Sponsor's Household Income
(Page5, Line10)Remarks
NOTE:   Read the Penalties  section of the Form I-864
Instructions before completing this part.
Please note that, by signing this Form I-864, you agree to
assume certain specific obligations under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (INA) and other Federal laws.  The following
following information carefully before you sign Form I-864.  If
you do not understand the obligations, you may wish to consult
an attorney or accredited representative.paragraphs describe those obligations.  Please read thePart 8.  Sponsor's Contract, Statement, Contact
Information, Declaration, Certification, and
Sponsor's Contract
What is the Legal Effect of My Signing Form I-864?
inadmissible to the United States as a person likely to become a
public charge, the U.S. Government can consider your income
and assets as available for the support of the intending
immigrant.If you sign Form I-864 on behalf of any person (called the
intending immigrant) who is applying for an immigrant visa or
for adjustment of status to a lawful permanent resident, and that
Government with his or her application for an immigrant visa or
adjustment of status, under INA section 213A, these actions
create a contract between you and the U.S. Government. The
intending immigrant becoming a lawful permanent resident is
the consideration for the contract.
Under this contract, you agree that, in deciding whether the
intending immigrant can establish that he or she is notWhat If I Choose Not to Sign Form I-864?
The U.S. Government cannot make you sign Form  I-864 if you
do not want to do so.  But if you do not sign Form I-864, the
intending immigrant may not become a lawful permanent
resident in the United States.
What Does Signing Form I-864 Require Me To Do?
If an intending immigrant becomes a lawful permanent resident
in the United States based on a Form I-864 that you have
signed, then, until your obligations under Form I-864 terminate.
you must:
intending immigrant submits Form I-864 to the U.S.A. Provide the intending immigrant any support
necessary to maintain him or her at an income that is
at least 125 percent of the Federal Poverty Guidelines
for his or her household size (100 percent if you are
the petitioning sponsor and are on active duty in the
U.S. Armed Forces or U.S. Coast Guard, and the
person is your husband, wife, or unmarried child
under 21 years of age); and
B. Notify U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
(USCIS) of any change in your address, within 30
days of the change, by filing Form I-865.
What Other Consequences Are There?
If an intending immigrant becomes a lawful permanent resident
in the United States based on a Form I-864 that you have
signed, then, until your obligations under Form I-864 terminate,
the U.S. Government may consider (deem) your income and
assets as available to that person, in determining whether he or
she is eligible for certain Federal means-tested public benefits
and also for state or local means-tested public benefits, if the
state or local government's rules provide for consideration
(deeming) of your income and assets as available to the person.
This provision does notapply to public benefits specified in
section 403(c) of the Welfare Reform Act such as emergency
Medicaid, short-term, non-cash emergency relief, services
provided under the National School Lunch and Child Nutrition
communicable diseases; and means-tested programs under the
Elementary and Secondary Education Act.Acts; immunizations and testing and treatment for
What If I Do Not Fulfill My Obligations?
If you do not provide sufficient support to the person who
becomes a lawful permanent resident based on a Form I-864
that you signed, that person may sue you for this support.
Form I-864   Edition   12/08/21   E Page 7 of 10If a Federal, state, local, or private agency provided any covered
means-tested public benefit to the person who becomes a lawful
permanent resident based on a Form I-864 that you signed, the
agency may ask you to reimburse them for the amount of the
benefits they provided.  If you do not make the reimbursement,
the agency may sue you for the amount that the agency believes
you owe.
If you are sued, and the court enters a judgment against you, the
person or agency that sued you may use any legally permitted
procedures for enforcing or collecting the judgment.  You may
also be required to pay the costs of collection, including
attorney fees.
If you do not file a properly completed Form I-865 within 30
days of any change of address, USCIS may impose a civil fine
for your failing to do so.Part 8.  Sponsor's Contract, Statement, Contact
Information, Declaration, Certification, and
Signature (continued)
When Will These Obligations End?
Your obligations under a Form I-864 that you signed will end if
the person who becomes a lawful permanent resident based on
that affidavit:
NOTE:   Divorce does not  terminate your obligations under
Form I-864.B.
D.Becomes a U.S. citizen;
Has worked, or can receive credit for, 40 quarters of
coverage under the Social Security Act;
No longer has lawful permanent resident status and
has departed the United States;
Is subject to removal, but applies for and obtains, in
removal proceedings, a new grant of adjustment of
status, based on a new affidavit of support, if one is
required; or
Your obligations under a Form I-864 that you signed also end if
you die.  Therefore, if you die, your estate is not required to
take responsibility for the person's support after your death.
However, your estate may owe any support that you
accumulated before you died.
NOTE: Select the box for either Item Number 1.a. or 1.b.
If applicable, select the box for  Item Number 2.Sponsor's Statement
1.a. I can read and understand English, and I have read
and understand every question and instruction on this
affidavit,and my answer to every question.X1.b.
question and instruction on this affidavit and my
answer to every question in
a language in which I am fluent, and I understood
everything.The interpreter named in Part 9.  read to me every
3.Sponsor's Contact Information
Sponsor's Daytime Telephone NumberAt my request, the preparer named in Part 10.,
prepared this affidavit for me based only upon,X
Alexander Arandia
information I provided or authorized
Sponsor's Declaration and CertificationSponsor's Mobile Telephone Number (if any)
Sponsor's Email Address (if any)646-377-5799
Copies of any documents I have submitted are exact
photocopies of unaltered, original documents, and I understand
that USCIS or the U.S. Department of State (DOS) may require
that I submit original documents to USCIS or DOS at a later
date.  Furthermore, I authorize the release of any information
from any and all of my records that USCIS or DOS may need to
determine my eligibility for the benefit that I seek.
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that all of the information in
my affidavit and any document submitted with it were provided
or authorized by me, that I reviewed and understand all of the
information contained in, and submitted with, my affidavit and
that all of this information is complete, true, and correct.I furthermore authorize release of information contained in this
affidavit, in supporting documents, and in my USCIS or DOS
records, to other entities and persons where necessary for the
administration and enforcement of U.S. immigration law.
C.I know the contents of this affidavit of support that I
I have read and I understand each of the obligations
described in Part 8. , and I agree, freely and without
any mental reservation or purpose of evasion, to
accept each of those obligations in order to make it
possible for the immigrants indicated in Part 3.  to
become lawful permanent residents of the United
I agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of any
Federal or state court that has subject matter
jurisdiction of a lawsuit against me to enforce my
obligations under this Form I-864;
Form I-864   Edition   12/08/21   E Page 8 of 10Part 8.  Sponsor's Contract, Statement, Contact
Information, Declaration, Certification, and
Signature (continued)
D. Each of the Federal income tax returns submitted in
support of this affidavit are true copies, or are
unaltered tax transcripts, of the tax returns I filed
with the IRS;
F.I understand that, if I am related to the sponsored
immigrant by marriage, the termination of the
marriage (by divorce, dissolution, annulment, or
other legal process) will not relieve me of my
obligations under this Form I-864; and
I authorize the Social Security Administration to
release information about me in its records to
USCIS and DOS.
Sponsor's Signature
NOTE TO ALL SPONSORS:   If you do not completely fill
out this affidavit or fail to submit required documents listed in
the Instructions, USCIS or DOS may deny your affidavit.6.b.   Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)Sponsor's Signature
Part 9.  Interpreter's Contact Information,
Certification, and Signature
1.b.   Interpreter's Given Name (First Name)
2.Provide the following information about the interpreter.
Interpreter's Full Name
1.a.    Interpreter's Family Name (Last Name)
Interpreter's Business or Organization Name (if any)Interpreter's Mailing Address
3.a.    Street Number
3.c.    City or Town
3.d.   State
3.f.    Province
3.g.    Postal Code
3.h.   Countryand Name
Apt. Ste.
3.e.    ZIP CodeFlr.
4.Interpreter's Contact Information
5.Interpreter's Daytime Telephone Number
Interpreter's Mobile Telephone Number (if any)
I certify, under penalty of perjury, that:
which is the same language specified in Part 8., Item Number
and I have read to this sponsor in the identified language
every question and instruction on this affidavit and his or her
answer to every question.  The sponsor informed me that he or
she understands every instruction, question, and answer on the
affidavit, including the Sponsor's Declaration and
Certification, and has verified the accuracy of every answer.Interpreter's Certification
I am fluent in English and
Interpreter's Signature,
7.a.   Interpreter's Signature
7.b.   Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)6. Interpreter's Email Address (if any)
Form I-864   Edition   12/08/21   E Page 9 of 101.b.   Preparer's Given Name (First Name)Part 10.  Contact Information, Declaration, and
Signature of the Person Preparing this Affidavit,
if Other Than the Sponsor
Provide the following information about the preparer.
1.a.    Preparer's Family Name (Last Name)
2.Preparer's Full Name
Preparer's Business or Organization Name (if any)Arandia
ARANDIA LAW FIRM
4.Preparer's Mailing Address
3.a.    Street Number
3.c.    City or Town
3.d.   State
3.f.    Province
3.g.    Postal Code
3.h.   Country
Preparer's Contact Information
6.7.a.Preparer's Statement
and Name
Preparer's Daytime Telephone Number
Preparer's Mobile Telephone Number (if any)
Preparer's Email Address (if any)Apt.have prepared this affidavit on behalf of the sponsor
and with the sponsor's consent.I am not an attorney or accredited representative but
3.e.    ZIP CodeFlr.7.b.
By my signature, I certify, under penalty of perjury, that I
prepared this affidavit at the request of the sponsor.  The
sponsor then reviewed this completed affidavit and informed
me that he or she understands all of the information contained
in, and submitted with, his or her affidavit, including the
Sponsor's Declaration and Certification,  and that all of this
information is complete, true, and correct.  I completed this
affidavit based only on information that the sponsor provided to
me or authorized me to obtain or use.
8.a.    Preparer's Signature
8.b.   Date of Signature (mm/dd/yyyy)Preparer's Certification
Preparer's SignatureI am an attorney or accredited representative and my
representation of the sponsor in this case
preparation of this affidavit.
NOTE:   If you are an attorney or accredited
representative, you may be obliged to submit a
completed Form G-28, Notice of Entry of
Appearance as Attorney or Accredited
Representative, or G-28I, Notice of Entry of
Appearance as Attorney In Matters Outside the
Geographical Confines of the United States, with this
affidavit.extends does not extend beyond the
United States
1141580-02 KEW GARDENS ROAD
KEW GARDENS702
Form I-864   Edition   12/08/21   E Page 10 of 10If you need extra space to provide any additional information
within this affidavit, use the space below.  If you need more
space than what is provided, you may make copies of this page
to complete and file with this affidavit or attach a separate sheet
of paper.  Type or print your name and A-Number (if any) at the
top of each sheet; indicate the Page Number , Part Number ,
andItem Number to which your answer refers; and sign and
date each sheet.Part 11.  Additional Information
3.a.    Page Number 3.b.    Part Number
3.d.1.a.    Family Name
(Last Name)
1.b.   Given Name
(First Name)
1.c.    Middle Name
A-Number (if any)
3.c.    Item Number
4.a.    Page Number 4.b.    Part Number
4.d.5.a.    Page Number 5.b.   Part Number
4.c.    Item Number5.c.    Item Number
CHAVEZ BUSTAMANTE
6.a.    Page Number 6.b.    Part Number
6.d.6.c.    Item Number
7.a.    Page Number 7.b.    Part Number
7.d.7.c.    Item Number